WELCOME EVERYONE TO
THE SEPTEMBER EIGHTH TWENTY
TWENTY TWO ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS MEETING I&apos;M PRIOR
CHAIRPERSON OF THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HAS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY MAYOR KAWALSKY.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION STAFF WILL KEEP
TIME AND WILL ANNOUNCE WHEN 30
SECONDS ARE REMAINING PUBLIC
COMMENT IS AVAILABLE IN PERSON
OR REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL ON
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE RAISED HAND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
FOR PHONE ACCESS PLEASE EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER
MEETING ID NINE THREE EIGHT ONE
SIX FOUR EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO
SEVEN CITY STAFF WILL SELECT
CALLERS THAT HAVE RAISED THEIR
HAND USING THE LAST THREE
DIGITS OF THEIR PHONE NUMBER OR
BY NAME IF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET
AREA AND MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD
WE WILL ALLOW IN APPEARING TO
EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT OR
OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL FIVE
AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE BOARD
WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN APPEAL
TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
&gt;&gt; ROLL CALL I AM HERE MIKE
DANIEL HERE DAVID HAVE ALREADY
GIVATI HERE CHRIS MADDIGAN HERE
JULIA GOOD HERE TODD GRANTHAM
YOU&apos;RE ELIZABETH NELSON HERE.
&gt;&gt; CHRISTINA LUSSAC HERE WE
HAVE A QUORUM NEXT APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA DO I HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY&apos;S
AGENDA SO I&apos;VE ALREADY MOVED
FORWARD.
THANK DID SUPPORT SUPPORT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
ALL RIGHT.
I OPPOSED MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE THIS
TWENTY FOURTH TWENTY TWENTY TWO
MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS, CORRECTIONS FOR THOSE
MINUTES?
IF NOT, WE HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THOSE MINUTES MOTION TO
APPROVE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRISTINA.
SUPPORT SUPPORT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU DAVE.
ON PAPER I OPPOSED.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
FIRST TONIGHT WE HAVE PETITION
ZIBA TWENTY TWO DASH TWO ZERO
ONE SIX SEVEN HUNDRED BURTON
DRIVE.
OK,
SO GIVE ME A SECOND HERE.
PULL UP THE THERE WE GO.
SHOULD BE OK.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
OK SEVEN HUNDRED AND DRIVE YOU
CAN SEE THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
HERE ON THE ZONING MAP
INDICATED BY THE YELLOW PARCEL
OUTLINES IT&apos;S ON THE CORNER
OF CHANDLER AND BARTON DRIVE
PRETTY FAR ZOOMED OUT AERIAL SO
YOU GET THE GENERAL LOCATION
AND ZOOM IN AND A LITTLE BIT
MORE AGAIN BARTON DRIVE WOULD
BE AT THE TOP AND CHANDLER IS
TO THE TO THE ON THE LEFT SIDE
OF THE SCREEN A SURVEY OF THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY SHOWING THIS
SHOWS THE TWENTY FIVE FOOT STEP
BACK ON THE NEXT SLIDE YOU WILL
SEE THE THE AVERAGE SET BACK
BECAUSE AGAIN THIS THE
PETITIONERS HERE BEFORE YOU
TONIGHT REQUESTING PERMISSION
TO ALTER THE STRUCTURE AS WELL
AS A VARIANCE OF 14 FEET, NINE
INCHES WHICH YOU WILL SEE IN
THIS SLIDE HERE THE THE RED
LINE INDICATES THE AVERAGE SET
BACK LINE SO YOU CAN SEE THE
SUBJECT OF THE PROPOSED
ADDITION IS INDICATED AND KIND
OF THE ORANGE IS A THIRTEEN BY
TWENTY SINGLE CAR GARAGE THAT&apos;S
LOCATED KIND OF AT THE CORNER
THE FRONT CORNER BETWEEN
CHANDLER AND BARTON DRIVE THERE
.
HERE&apos;S A 3D PERSPECTIVE OF IT
AND SOME PICTURES.
SO THIS IS STANDING ON CHANDLER
DRIVE KIND OF LOOKING DIRECTLY
INTO THE REAR YARD OF THIS
OBJECT PROPERTY HERE.
THIS IS LOOKING AT DIRECTLY
AGAIN STANDING CLOSER TO THE
CORNER OF BARTON DRIVE LOOKING
AT THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
DIRECTLY WHERE THE ONE CAR
GARAGE WOULD BE PROPOSED.
YOU SEE THE DRIVEWAY KIND
OF OFF THE LEFT THERE.
SO THEN YOU GO OUT TO BE
POSITIONED AT THE END THAT
DRIVEWAY AGAIN.
HERE&apos;S A LOOK OBVIOUSLY
DIRECTLY FROM THE DRIVEWAY
DIRECTLY LOOKING AT TO THE
WHERE THE PROPOSED GARAGE WOULD
BE.
AGAIN, THIS IS THE PICTURE
DIRECTLY FROM BARTON DRIVE.
SO GOING BACK TO THE SORRY
LET&apos;S GO BACK TO THIS AGAIN.
SO WHAT THE PETITIONERS HERE
TONIGHT BEFORE YOU IS
REQUESTING PERMISSION TO ALTER
AS YOU CAN SEE THE AVERAGE
FRONT SET BACK WINDOWS
CURRENTLY INTO THE EXISTING
HOUSE AS WELL AND THEN A
VARIANCE BECAUSE THEY ARE
PROPOSING A NEW GARAGE EXTENDS
ENCROACHES ADDITIONALLY INTO
THAT FRONT SET BACK ALONG
CHANDLER ROAD AND THAT
CONCLUDES THE THAT PRESENTATION
.
THANK YOU, MATT.
ANY QUESTIONS, ELIZABETH?
&gt;&gt; SO THE FOURTEEN FOR THE
DIAGRAM THAT&apos;S ON THE SCREEN
NOW THE THE FOURTEEN WATT
VARIANCE IS BETWEEN THE RED
LINE AND THE QUOTE LIKE THE
CORNER OF THE FURTHEST POINT
OF THE GARAGE OK YES.
&gt;&gt; YEAH YOU GUYS CAN SEE MY
POINT CORRECT?
YES.
YES EXACTLY.
IT&apos;S FROM THIS KIND OF CORNER
BECAUSE THE THE LARGEST PART
OF ENCROACHMENT IT&apos;S OBVIOUSLY
AN ANGLE SO THAT ENCROACHMENT
ANGLES AND THEN THAT&apos;S CORRECT
FROM THE RED LINE TO THAT
CORNER IS 14 FEET NINE INCHES.
AND SO WHAT IS THE I GUESS
YOU&apos;VE GOT MARKED IT&apos;S IT&apos;S
LIKE FOUR FEET NINE AND A HALF
INCHES PER JUDGING FROM THE
TWENTY FIVE SET BACK.
&gt;&gt; CORRECT.
SO THAT WE HAVE THE CORRECT SET
BACK BUT THE THE SET BACK ON
THE BOOK BEFORE THE AVERAGING
IS TWENTY FEET AS IT&apos;S SHOWN
HERE.
CORRECT AND SO YOU CAN SEE IT
ENCROACHES FOUR FEET NINE AND A
HALF INCHES AND AT A SLIGHT
ANGLE JULIA IF YOU CAN GO BACK
TO THE WHERE IT&apos;S GOING TO GO
AT THE END THE DRIVE THE
PICTURES OR THE PICTURE THE
PHOTO.
YEAH SO LIKE IS I&apos;M TRYING TO
SEE HOW LIKE A PICTURE IN MY
HEAD WHAT THE 14 FEET IS IS
THAT TREE STAYING THERE.
&gt;&gt; YES.
YES.
THEY&apos;RE NOT PROPOSING TO MOVE
ANY TREES.
OK SO SO 14 FEET IS YEAH IT
KIND OF AGAIN IT CUTS ACROSS AN
ANGLE SO YOU ARE LOOKING AT IT
DIRECTLY OBVIOUSLY INTO WHERE
THAT PROPOSED PIROGIES SOPHEA
FROM THE TOP OF THE STREET.
SO YEAH.
KIND OF CUTS OUT THAT&apos;S GOING
TO THE PICTURES.
IT&apos;S LIKE IT CUTS INTO THIS
LITTLE STICK PART OF THE HOUSE
AND LIKE WHERE THAT THE AVERAGE
IS THAT THAT CUTS ACROSS THERE.
YEAH.
OK, THANKS
.
SO MATT, THE SET BACK FOR THIS
MORNING IS TWENTY FIVE FEET
NORMALLY CORRECT.
AND IT&apos;S ONLY BECAUSE THE
AVERAGING OF OTHER PROPERTIES
ON CHANNELER THAT THEY&apos;RE
THAT&apos;S THIRTY FIVE FEET.
YES THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
SO WE GO ONE HUNDRED FEET AND
ALONG DOWN CHANDLER RIGHT AND
IT INCLUDES TWO OR PERHAPS
THREE AND ONE OF THOSE HOUSES
IS SET BACK A LITTLE BIT
FURTHER THAN THE OTHER SO
EXCUSE THE AVERAGE COULD YOU
PUT UP THE AERIAL SHOT OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD?
YOU COULD BUT UNFORTUNATELY
IT&apos;S SO FAR OUT I COULD GET IN
I THINK MY OTHER AERIALS.
YEAH.
SO THIS ONE&apos;S A LITTLE TOO
CLOSE.
THE OTHER ONE&apos;S A LITTLE TOO
FAR OUT SO YEAH YOU CAN SEE
THIS AND AGAIN ALSO BECAUSE
OF THE ANGLE OF THE PARCEL IT
THE SET BACK OBVIOUSLY THE
HOUSE IS ORIENTED STRAIGHT TO
BARTON SO IT KIND OF CUTS IT AT
A FUNKY ANGLE.
CORRECT.
BUT YEAH I APOLOGIZE THIS IS
THE ONLY OTHER AREA YOU CAN&apos;T
QUITE SEE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRISTINE.
YEAH I JUST HAD IT KIND OF MAN
IT LOOKS LIKE ON THE BOUNDARY
SURVEY THAT WE HAVE THAT THE
OUTLINE OF THE DRIVEWAY IS
ACTUALLY THERE.
SO IF YOU JULIE IF YOU WANTED
TO REFERENCE THE FOR THE
EXISTING TREE IS MAYBE THAT
CORNER OH YEAH YEAH YES CORRECT
.
I MEAN LIKE JUST YEAH.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE IT&apos;S JUST AND
I BELIEVE THE PETITIONERS HERE
CORRECT.
YES.
SO HE&apos;D ALSO ADDRESS IF THERE&apos;S
ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THE
TREE OR ENCROACHMENTS IN THAT
AREA AS WELL BUT MY
UNDERSTANDING WAS THEY&apos;RE NOT
REMOVING ANY TREES WHICH IS
EXACTLY WHY IT&apos;S KIND OF PLACE
OR THEY DON&apos;T WANT TO REMOVE
ANY TREES PARTICULARLY IN THE
REAR YARD OR ANYTHING ELSE
WHICH IS WHY IT&apos;S PLACED WHERE
IS OK ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FROM
IT NOW?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONERS HERE YOU MAY
COME FORWARD AND PRESENT YOU
WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES
.
THANKS FOR TAKING THE TIME.
I REALLY DON&apos;T HAVE MUCH MORE
TO SAY THAT&apos;S ALREADY IN THE
REPORT.
I APPRECIATE THE WRITE UP THAT
HE DID.
IT&apos;S A UNIQUE LOT.
THERE&apos;S A COUPLE OF CORNER LOTS
IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD LESS THAN A
BLOCK AWAY OR ABOUT A BLOCK
AWAY THAT TWENTY FIVE FOOT SET
BACKS ON EXISTING STRUCTURES.
&gt;&gt; ONE OF THEM IS ACTUALLY AT
TWENTY ONE.
IT&apos;S UNIQUE I WE LOVE OUR
NEIGHBORHOOD.
WE&apos;RE NOT LOOKING TO LEAVE I IN
A BUSINESS DOWNTOWN AND WORK
DOWNTOWN WE WANT A NICE
WALKABLE NEIGHBORHOOD AND WE&apos;RE
JUST KIND OF REACHING THE
LIMITS OF OUR NINE HUNDRED
SQUARE FOOT HOUSE SO GETTING A
PLACE TO PUT SOME STUFF KEEPING
WITH THE NEIGHBORHOOD IT&apos;S
GOING TO LOOK JUST LIKE THE
HOUSE.
IT&apos;S GOING TO HAVE THE SAME
COLOR AND BORDIN AND ALL THAT
KIND OF STUFF JUST GOT TO HAVE
A LITTLE BIT OF EXTRA SPACE
HERE.
IT&apos;S NOT GOING TO AFFECT THE
CORNER AT SIGHT LINES AT ALL OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, WE&apos;RE JUST LOOKING TO
MAKE IT JUST A LITTLE BIT NICER
A LOT IT&apos;S PRETTY MUCH THE ONLY
SPOT IN THE ENTIRE LOT THAT WE
CAN FIGURE OUT HOW TO PUT AN
EXTRA KIND OF STRUCTURE
ANYWHERE ON IT.
IT&apos;S THE MOST USABLE SPACE AND
WE HAVE AN EXISTING DRIVEWAY
ALREADY THERE.
THERE&apos;S ALREADY A CURB CUT
THERE AND WOULD LIKE TO BE ABLE
TO USE IT.
SO I&apos;M HAPPY TO TAKE ANY
QUESTIONS.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
UH, DAVE, I&apos;M JUST LOOKING
NORMALLY I&apos;M PRETTY FRIENDLY TO
GIVING HONORING THE ZONING
REQUIRED THAT BACK EVEN WHEN
AVERAGED REQUIRES MORE OF A
SETBACK.
AND I&apos;M JUST LOOKING AT THIS
AND WONDERING IF YOU ATTACHED
IT.
IS THERE A REASON WHY IT&apos;S
DETACHED AS OPPOSED TO ATTACH
BECAUSE THE REASON I ASK IS IT
LOOKS LIKE IF YOU JUST SLID IT
OVER THE WHOLE THING WOULD FIT
WITHIN THE TWENTY FIVE TWENTY
FIVE ZONING SETBACK I THINK I
WOULD SAY COST THEN YOU START
MANIPULATING THE ROOFLINES
QUITE A BIT AND JUST GETTING A
DETACHED STRUCTURE SO FAR MORE
AFFORDABLE AND I THINK
ATTACHING IT WHICH WOULD ATTACH
IT TO MY LIVING ROOM IT SEEMS A
LITTLE STRANGE I DIDN&apos;T BRING
THAT UP IN MY OWN THOUGHTS BUT
IT WAS MAINLY A COST
OF ANYTHING.
I&apos;M ALSO CURIOUS DO YOU HAVE A
BASEMENT?
WE DO GET IN THE LAUNDRY AND
ALL THAT&apos;S IN THE BASEMENT I IT
DOESN&apos;T MATTER.
YES, YES, YEAH.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
YEAH.
YEAH AND OSAKA&apos;S SO UH SO THIS
IS A GARAGE OR JUST A STORAGE
AREA?
&gt;&gt; UH IT&apos;S MEANT TO BE A GARAGE
YOU KNOW IT&apos;LL BE ABLE TO FIT A
SINGLE CAR.
OK, THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW ANDRE I&apos;M ANDRE
QUESTIONS COULD YOU SCENERIES
DO YOU HAVE A SIDE ENTRY TO THE
HOUSE OR REHAB.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S THE LIVING ROOM BUT
WE DO HAVE A FRONT DOOR ON
BARTON.
YEAH YEAH WE TYPICALLY USE MAIL
AND THEN WE HAVE A SIDE DOOR
ENTRANCE ON CHANDLER.
OH WE DO THE MAIN EGRESS FOR US
QUITE JUST CURIOUS.
OK THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
OK THANK YOU SIR.
THANKS.
IF THERE&apos;S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION NOW IS THE TIME
IF YOU ARE HERE IN PERSON
PLEASE COME FORWARD.
OTHERWISE IF YOU&apos;RE ACCESSING
THE MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE
PRESS STAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR
HAND OR USE THE RAISE HAND
FUNCTION IF YOU&apos;RE ACCESSING
VIA THE WEBLINK I WILL NOTE
THAT WE DID RECEIVE ONE LETTER
OF SUPPORT FOR THIS FROM DUSTIN
BAZIL THE IT&apos;S ADJACENT TO THIS
PROPERTY ON THE EAST SIDE THERE
DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY CALLERS
AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED.
&gt;&gt; WE ARE IN DISCUSSION.
CHRISTINA, I&apos;LL JUST ADD THAT
IT SEEMS LIKE THE 20 FOOT DEPTH
IS YOU KNOW, IT&apos;S THE MINIMUM
MINIMAL THAT YOU WOULD HAVE FOR
GARAGE I FEEL SO I AM IN
SUPPORT OF THE OF THE APPEAL.
&gt;&gt; DAVE, THANKS.
UH, MATT ON OUR
OUR ZONING
CODE I UNDERSTAND DETACHED
STRUCTURES LIKE SHEDS AND
THINGS LIKE THAT USUALLY DON&apos;T
HAVE THERE&apos;S SOME LEEWAY IN
COMPLIANCE WITH SETBACKS ISN&apos;T
THERE.
&gt;&gt; YES.
CORRECT IN INTO THE SIDE IN THE
REAR SET BACKS DETACHED
STRUCTURES REGARDLESS OF THE
ZONING DESTROY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICT THEY CAN BE
WITHIN THREE FEET OF THE SIDE
AND YOUR PROPERTY LINE.
SO THAT&apos;S DIFFERENT THAN A
PRIMARY STRUCTURE IS DEPENDENT.
IT COULD BE FIVE FEET, SEVEN
FEET DEPENDING ON THE ZONING
DISTRICT AND IT&apos;S BECAUSE THIS
IS CONSIDERED A SECOND FRONT
FRONTAGE.
IT&apos;S THE THERE IS NO LEEWAY FOR
A DETACHED STRUCTURE.
&gt;&gt; WELL, I MEAN WHAT DO YOU
MEAN EXACTLY?
LEEWAY EITHER NOT NOT IN THAT
WE&apos;RE NOT FULLY COMPLIANT WITH
THE ENTIRE SETBACK LIKE THE
FRONTS ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THAT
WHETHER IT&apos;S DETACHED OR
ATTACHED.
CORRECT.
YEAH.
THOSE FRONT SETBACKS DON&apos;T
MATTER.
WELL, AS FAR DETACHED OR
ATTACHED TO ONE I&apos;M IN FAVOR
OF THIS COUPLE FOCUS ON THE
PARTICULARLY THE TWO FRONT
YARDS THE RESTRICTIVE NATURE
OF THE REQUIREMENT WITHOUT THIS
WOULD MORE THAN COMPLY.
SECONDLY, IT&apos;S A SINGLE CAR
GARAGE AND THIRD THE GARAGE
BEING PUSHED WAY BACK NOT IN
THE VIEW OF OTHER PROPERTIES
AND THE FROM THE FRONT PART
OF THE POINTY PART OF THE
POINTY PART OF LIFE.
SO EVEN THOUGH IT&apos;S NOT A HOUSE
I&apos;M TRYING TO ADVOCATE, THE
REPORT ALSO NOTES THAT OTHER
HOMES WITH THE SAME TYPE AND
SAID THAT IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
SO THIS IS NOT GOING TO BE AN
OUTLIER.
SO LOOKING AT THOSE SETS
OF FACTORS, I&apos;M FINE WITH
MYSELF.
CHRIS.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO SUPPORT IT AND
I THINK THE MAIN REASON IS IT
IS A PECULIAR LOT.
IT IS AND I GOT FOUNDED BY TWO
SRIJIT AND THOUGH AT SOME POINT
A PREVIOUS OWNER PUT IT IN SOME
CAPACITY AND MADE THIS LOT, I
FEEL LIKE THE RIGHT OF WAYS AT
SOME POINT PROBABLY DID EXPAND
MAKING IT EVEN MORE DIFFICULT
TO BUILD ON WHICH IS CERTAINLY
NOT THE HOMEOWNERS FAULT AND IT
WASN&apos;T CAUSED BY ANY OF THEIR
PREDECESSORS.
SO I DON&apos;T THINK THAT THE
ODDITY OF THIS LAWSUIT
NECESSARILY SELF CREATED UM
ALSO YOU KNOW WHAT IS LIKE
REASONABLE EXPECTATIONS FOR YOU
SEVERELY AND IF YOU KNOW A SHED
OR A BARN OR WHATEVER IN A
BACKYARD AS AN ACCESSORY
STRUCTURE TO A PRINCIPAL HOUSE,
I DON&apos;T THINK NECESSARILY I
WOULD SAY THAT YOU KNOW, YOU&apos;RE
RIGHT, YOU KNOW, SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO HAVE IT.
BUT I THINK THAT IT&apos;S A VERY
REASONABLE EXPECTATION IN
MICHIGAN TO SAY GARAGE SHOULD
BE INTACT.
A GARAGE ON MY PROPERTY WITHOUT
BEING OVERLY BURDENED BY
RESTRICTIONS AND TREAT IT THE
SAME WAY AS WE WOULD A
PRINCIPAL STRUCTURE.
SO AND THEN KIND OF JUST BEYOND
MY SUPPORT FOR THE VARIANCE THE
AVERAGE DEPTH I THINK IS OVERLY
BURDENSOME STANDARD.
I AM NOT SURE EXACTLY WHAT
PURPOSE IT SERVES OTHER THAN TO
TO TO PLACE IT, YOU KNOW, FOR
LACK OF A BETTER WORD A BURDEN
ON HOMEOWNERS.
THAT&apos;S NOT WHY IT&apos;S NOTHING TO
DO WITH MY DECISION.
YES.
BUT JUST TO SAY I DON&apos;T LIKE
THAT STANDARD I DON&apos;T THINK IT
SHOULD BE IN OUR ORDINANCE.
THANKS, CHRIS.
DAVE, I REMAIN TORN ON THIS.
IT STRIKES ME THAT I IN TERMS
OF I&apos;M GOOD WITH GOING UP TO
THE TWENTY FIVE FOOT SETBACK
LINE BUT YOU&apos;RE ASKING TO GO
BEYOND THAT CLOSER TO THE FRONT
EDGE AND I&apos;M IN THIS CASE IT
CAN BE DONE JUST BY HAVING IT
BE ATTACHED IN FACT BY HAVING
IT BE ATTACHED YOU GOT THE
POSSIBLE POSSIBILITY OF A
FUTURE ADDITION ABOVE LIKE A
SECOND FLOOR ADDITION ABOVE THE
GARAGE AND OTHER THINGS TO TIE
IN TO THE HOUSE FOR USABLE
SPACE IN THE FUTURE.
SO I&apos;M REALLY TORN BY THIS
BECAUSE I AM THE ONE THING THAT
IS IN YOUR FAVOR IS I SEE THIS
AS DEFINITELY THE MINIMUM
NECESSARY FOR A CAR.
YOU 13 FEET BY 20 FEET IS A
MINIMAL REQUEST.
I MAY VOTE FOR THIS.
I&apos;M LOOKING FOR A RATIONALE TO
I MEAN OTHER THAN WELL ANYWAY
I&apos;LL HOLD MY COMMENTS AT THAT
MIKE YEAH.
AGREE WITH EVERYTHING I&apos;M
HEARING FROM MY FELLOW
COMMISSIONERS AND SHARE SOME
OF DAVE&apos;S HESITATIONS.
HOWEVER, THE WAY THIS HOUSE IS
CONSTRUCTED TO HAVE THIS
ATTACHED AND THEN OPEN UP INTO
THE LIVING ROOM WOULD JUST BE
WEIRD.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO GO FOR THIS
GIVEN ALL THE OTHER FACTORS I
WAS VERY CLOSE BUT JUST THE WAY
THAT THE HOUSE IS SET UP I&apos;M
GOING TO VOTE FOR IT.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION WE READY
FOR MOTION CAN MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE.
ZEBA TWENTY FOUR DASH TWO ZERO
ONE SIX SEVEN BERTEN BASED ON
THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS AND
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ESTABLISHED
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS A VARIANCE OF 14 FEET
NINE INCHES FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT EIGHTEEN POINT FIVE
AVERAGING THE EXISTING FRONT
SET BACK TO CONSTRUCT A
DETACHED SINGLE CAR GARAGE
ALONG CHANNELER ROAD.
THE REQUIRED SET BACK IS THIRTY
FIVE FEET.
THE ADDITION IS TO BE BUILT PER
THE SUBMITTED PLANS MOTION TO
HAVE SUPPORT SUPPORT.
THANK YOU TODD.
YES ELISABETH YES CHRIS.
YES JULIA YES.
CHRISTINA YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES.
YES DAVE DEVOURER YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING
ON TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY TWO
I&apos;M SORRY THAT BOTH FOR THE DID
YOU DO THE THERE PERMISSION TO
ALTER AS WELL AS A VARIANCE.
I JUST HAVE A MOTION FOR THE
VARIANCE.
IS THERE ONE FOR ALTERATION.
I DON&apos;T SEE THERE WAS NO MOTION
SHEET FOR THE ALTERATION.
&gt;&gt; WHY IS THERE AN ALTERATION
NEEDED IF THE FOR THE EXISTING
STRUCTURE ACTUALLY WITHOUT
SINCE IT&apos;S NOT ATTACHED YOU
DON&apos;T NEED THE PERMISSION TO
ALTER SO THAT WAS CORRECT
ACTUALLY I TAKE THAT WHAT I
JUST SAID SO THAT&apos;S WE DIDN&apos;T
INCLUDE IT I CHANGED ORIGINALLY
IT WAS ADVERTISED THAT BUT
SINCE IT&apos;S NOT NONCONFORMING
IT&apos;S DETACHED STRUCTURE SO YOU
DON&apos;T NEED THE PERMISSION TO
ALTER SO TAKE BACK WHAT I SAID.
YOU&apos;RE CORRECT DAVE OK THANK
YOU.
&gt;&gt; SO THERE IS A REQUEST FOR A
VARIANCE THAT&apos;S BEEN GRANTED.
WE&apos;RE GOOD THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY TWO DASH TWO ZERO ONE
EIGHT TWENTY THREE NINETY FOUR
WYNWOOD AVENUE.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
THIS IS A UNIQUE ONE A VARIANCE
I DON&apos;T BELIEVE YOU GUYS HAVE
SEEN YET SO FAR I&apos;VE GOT A
LITTLE BIT OF BACKGROUND FIRST
SO AGAIN SUBJECT PROPERTY HERE
IS OWNED AND ONE WHICH IS AN
INDUSTRIAL ZONING DISTRICT
LOCATED ON THE ON THE CORNER
OF WYNWOOD AND S MAPLE HERE
AGAIN FROM THE AERIAL PHOTO TO
THE PARCEL ZOOM IN A LITTLE BIT
MORE SUBJECT BUILDING, OK?
AND HERE IS THE SURVEY OF THE
SITE.
SO THIS IS TO GO THROUGH A
COUPLE OF PICTURES IN THE LAST
SLIDE TO EXPLAIN A LOT MORE.
SO AGAIN, LOOK, THIS IS LOOKING
DIRECTLY FROM WYNWOOD AND THIS
IS LOOKING AT S MAPLE SORRY
FROM S MAPLE AND YOU CAN SEE
WYNWOOD IS TO YOUR RIGHT.
SO THIS IS A VARIANCE OF THE
REQUESTING THAT VARIANCE OF SIX
PERCENT FROM THE REQUIREMENT
THAT WE HAVE FOR MARIJUANA
MICRO BUSINESSES OF THAT THEY
HAVE TO PRODUCE 10 PERCENT
OF THEIR ENERGY NEEDS FROM
SOLAR.
SO AS THIS PETITION WAS
APPROVED AS A SPECIAL EXCEPTION
USE FROM PLANNING COMMISSION A
COUPLE OF YEARS BACK THAT IS A
REQUIREMENT THAT&apos;S WITHIN THE
ZONING STANDARDS AND SO THIS
OPERATION WAS APPROVED HAS BEEN
FUNCTIONING.
BUT HOWEVER UNABLE TO MEET THE
FULL 10 PERCENT AND PART
OF THAT IS DUE TO THE ROOF
STRUCTURE.
SO THAT&apos;S WHY AGAIN THE INITIAL
CONCERNS CAME FROM THE
PETITIONER.
SO THEY WE HAD THEY ARE THEY
AUTHORIZED STUDY A STRUCTURAL
STUDY AND A SOLAR STUDY WHICH
ARE SOME OF THE RESULTS YOU SEE
HERE THAT SAID THAT THE
EXISTING ROOF KIND OF THE FLAT
ROOF YOU&apos;LL SEE IT&apos;S CLEAR IN
SOME OF THE PICTURES THIS PART
IS A NEWER EDITION AND ACTUALLY
FROM THIS AREA IT&apos;S PRETTY
CLEAR AND THEN OBVIOUSLY THE
WHITE IS PART OF THE OLDER
ROOF.
&gt;&gt; SO AS IT WAS ORIGINALLY
PROPOSED YOU CAN SEE HERE THE
RECTANGLE THE GRAY RECTANGLE IS
THE AREA WHERE THE SOLAR PANELS
AS IT WAS ORIGINALLY APPROVED
IS KIND OF THE BOTTOM IMAGE
THERE YOU SEE ON YOUR SCREEN
WHICH WE&apos;RE A LOT MORE SOLAR
PANELS.
BUT AGAIN, AS FOR THE RESEARCH
AND AS THE POSITION, I ASSUME
HAS GONE THROUGH THE BACKGROUND
TO PREPARE IT THAT THEY FOUND
OUT THAT THE ROOF CAN&apos;T SUPPORT
.
SO WE NEED AN ADDITIONAL
DOCUMENT DOCUMENTATION BECAUSE
OBVIOUSLY IT IS A REQUIREMENT
SINCE IT IS PART OF HIS ONLY
REQUIREMENT.
IT IS SUBJECT OBVIOUSLY TO A
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
VARIANCE.
BUT I BELIEVE IT&apos;S THE FIRST
ONE THAT YOU&apos;VE SEEN.
SO THIS IS TRUE.
IT&apos;S UNIQUE.
THIS IS THE ONLY TYPE OF USE
THAT WE REQUIRE THAT IN THE
ZONING CODE AS PART OF THE
SOLAR THAT THEY NEED TO
GENERATE A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT
OF THEIR WELL NOT SIGNIFICANT
BUT 10 PERCENT OF THEIR
ENERGIES FROM SOLAR.
SO THAT THAT IS A UNIQUE
REQUIREMENT OF THIS USE
.
SO AGAIN, THE BOTTOM IMAGE HERE
IS WHAT WAS KIND OF ORIGINALLY
PROPOSED AND ABLE TO GET UP TO
THAT 10 PERCENT.
BUT THROUGH THE STUDY THAT WE
COMMISSIONED, THE RESULTS ARE I
BELIEVE THE FULL STUDY IS IN
YOUR PACKET.
THE REST OF THAT FLAT ROOF, AS
I SAID, WOULD NOT SUPPORT THOSE
SOLAR PANELS.
SO THAT IS WHY THERE BEFORE YOU
HERE TONIGHT IS WHAT THEY CAN
GENERATE FROM THE SOLAR ON THE
FRONT PART OF THAT BUILDING.
DO YOU SEE AGAIN IN THE TOP
IMAGE THERE OF THE SOLAR PANELS
ALSO ON THIS SCREEN RIGHT HERE
THAT RECTANGLE TO THE KIND
OF TO THE BE ON THE BOTTOM
OF THE BUILDING AS WELL AS ON
THE IMAGE.
SO THAT&apos;S THE AREA THAT WILL BE
FILLED WITH SOLAR PANELS AND
WILL GENERATE ABOUT FOUR
PERCENT OF THEIR TOTAL ENERGY
USE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS TO UM YES.
&gt;&gt; I THINK YOU HAVE YOUR
MICROPHONE ON RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YEAH, I GUESS IT&apos;S A LITTLE BIT
HARDER.
&gt;&gt; YES, IT WAS ALL QUIET.
SORRY I DID THAT LIKE WE GOING
TO GET ON THE DOWN.
OKAY RIGHT NOW YOU&apos;RE STARTING
TO READ LIKE SEE THE LITTLE
ROOM THERE.
&gt;&gt; ARE YOU OKAY NOW YOU&apos;RE
GOOD.
OH READ SORRY.
COME ON.
RIGHT YEAH GOOD SORRY ABOUT
THAT.
ALL RIGHT THANK YOU.
SO WHAT IS SACRED ABOUT THE TEN
PERCENT AND I GUESS THE GENERAL
QUESTION WHY WAS THE TEN
PERCENT PUT IN AND ALSO LIKE TO
KNOW THE DATE THAT THE
ORDINANCE FIRST BECAME
EFFECTIVE WITH A DATE I&apos;D HAVE
I WAS NOT INVOLVED WITH THE
ORIGINAL DRAFTING OF THE
CODE SO I CAN&apos;T SPEAK
SPECIFICALLY TO THAT TEN
PERCENT NUMBER AND WHY THAT
NUMBER BUT I KNOW IS WHEN WE
INITIALLY DRAFTED CODES DEALING
WITH MARIJUANA TYPE BUSINESSES
WAS ABOUT FOUR OR FIVE YEARS
AGO OR SO IT WAS LOOKED AT LIKE
SOME TYPES OF BUSINESSES WOULD
REQUIRE MORE ENERGY, GROW
BUSINESSES, THINGS LIKE THAT.
SO AS A RESULT THIS IS KIND
OF A MICRO BUSINESS WHICH MEANS
THEY CAN GROW PROCESS RETAIL
ALL AT THE SAME LOCATION THAT
THEY BECAUSE IT&apos;S A SPECIAL
EXCEPTION USE THEY CAN DO A
LITTLE BIT MORE TO
SUSTAINABILITY PURPOSES BECAUSE
THEY&apos;RE TYPICALLY LARGER ENERGY
ALTHOUGH THIS IS AGAIN A
SMALLER TYPE OF BUSINESS.
I THINK WHAT THE CODE MAY HAVE
ENVISIONED IS A LITTLE BIT
LARGER OF A WAREHOUSE TYPE
FACILITY.
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW EXACTLY HOW
THEY ENDED UP WITH THE 10
PERCENT THAT WAS SOME OF THE
REASONING THAT WENT INTO WHY IT
WAS FOR THIS TYPE OF USE.
I WILL LOOK I I DON&apos;T HAVE THE
CODE DATE OFFHAND BUT I
PROBABLY CAN FIND ONE IS IT BUT
IT IS ABOUT FIVE YEARS AGO AND
WE DID MOST OF OUR MAJOR
MARIJUANA UPDATES TO THE
CODE TO WORK WITHIN THE STATE
LAWS THAT HAD CHANGED.
WELL THE REASON I ASKED I NOTED
I DOWNLOADED IT NOTED THAT THE
NEW VERSION JUST BECAME
EFFECTIVE AND I THOUGHT AHA,
THIS IS SOME NEW THING THAT
THIS WAS IN PROCESS BUT IN FACT
THE 10 PERCENT WAS IN THE
ORIGINAL.
&gt;&gt; OH YES CORRECT.
WE HAD SOME CHANGES RECENTLY TO
THAT THE MARIJUANA SECTIONS
OF CITY CODE THAT DID NOT
EFFECT THIS 10 PERCENT TO 10
PERCENT HAS BEEN IN PLACE FOR
AT LEAST FIVE YEARS.
&gt;&gt; SO YES NO THAT&apos;S NOT A NEW
REQUIREMENT THAT HAS NOT
CHANGED.
THAT&apos;S BEEN IN PLACE SINCE WE
ORIGINALLY ALLOWED MICRO
BUSINESSES WITHIN THE CITY.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU MUCH DAVE.
SO WHICH THIS PICTURE WE&apos;RE
LOOKING AT WHICH STREET WHICH
ONE OF THESE THE STREETS HAS
MAPLE ON WHICH IS CHARNWOOD?
ABSOLUTELY.
BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY YOU CAN&apos;T
READ THE PHOTO ONTO THE LEFT
OF THE SCREEN MAPLE THIS IS
WYNWOOD ON THE BOTTOM AND I CAN
SHOW YOU FROM A PICTURE IT&apos;S
PRETTY OBVIOUS BECAUSE YOU CAN
SEE THE ADDITION.
SO THIS BUILDING RIGHT HERE
THIS IS THE FRONT PART.
OOPS, SORRY.
WRONG.
SO THIS IS LOOKING FROM SOUTH
MAPLE.
CAN YOU SEE TO THE RIGHT YOU
CAN SEE KIND OF WHAT OBVIOUSLY
LOOKS LIKE A NEWER EDITION NEW
MATERIALS AND THEN GO BACK AND
THIS IS THE ROOF THAT YOU&apos;RE
LOOKING AT RIGHT HERE WHICH
WOULD HAVE THE SOLAR PANELS ON
IT.
SO THIS ROOF IS SOUTH FACE,
CORRECT?
&gt;&gt; YES.
YES, I THINK SO.
AND THIS IS WHY YOU ON ONLINE
RIGHT NOW LOOKING AT THE
BUILDING, OK?
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S WHY I ASKED.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, BECAUSE IT&apos;S A TOTALLY
DIFFERENT BUILDING LOOKING FROM
THIS SIDE IS OBVIOUSLY FROM
THAT SIDE SO AND AND THEN I
HAVE A QUESTION ARE THERE ANY
OTHER BUSINESS TYPES THAT WE
REQUIRE 10 PERCENT SOLAR ENERGY
GENERATION?
&gt;&gt; NO.
SO ONLY FOR MARIJUANA
BUSINESSES?
&gt;&gt; WELL, MARIJUANA MICRO
BUSINESSES WHICH IS A DIFFERENT
IT&apos;S NOT JUST LIKE THE SET
PROVISIONING CENTER.
IT&apos;S ONE THAT AGAIN CAN GROW
PROCESS AND RETAIL.
GOT YOU ELIZABETH.
MY QUESTION WAS A LITTLE
SIMILAR TO TODD&apos;S AND I&apos;M I&apos;M
SEARCHING THROUGH MY OWN
DATABASE.
I&apos;M FINDING OCTOBER TWENTY
NINETEEN WAS WHEN WE ORIGINALLY
PASSED THE ORDINANCE ALLOWING
FOR ALL OF THESE DIFFERENT
LICENSE.
I CAN&apos;T DO YOU THINK THAT IT
WAS IT WAS AMENDED SINCE THEN
TO ADD THE TEN PERCENT?
&gt;&gt; NO, I THINK IT WAS THE
ORIGINAL YEAH IT&apos;S THE ORIGINAL
AND I&apos;M SORRY THAT WAS FIVE
YEARS AGO I GUESS IT WAS NOT AS
LONG AS I THOUGHT BUT NO THIS
WAS NOT A NEW I KNOW THE TEN
PERCENT WAS IN THERE FROM THE
VERY START OF OUR ORIGINAL
MARIJUANA BECAUSE AGAIN THIS
PROJECT WENT THROUGH A SPECIAL
EXCEPTION FOR A LITTLE WHILE
AGO.
I BELIEVE IN THE PETITION I
COULD PROBABLY ANSWER EXACTLY
WHEN BUT I KNOW THAT
REQUIREMENT WAS IN THERE FROM
THE VERY START.
SO WHEN THEY GOT THEIR SPECIAL
EXCEPTION USED THEY WERE
REQUIRED TO MEET THE TEN
PERCENT.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S A ZONING REQUEST SO
IT&apos;S ATTACHED TO THE SPECIAL
EXCEPTION, CORRECT?
WELL IT&apos;S A REQUIREMENT ALL THE
SPECIAL EXCEPTIONS BUT AS WELL
AS THE ZONING SO THE ZONING IN
THE ZONING CODE WHICH IS WHY
AGAIN IF IT WAS JUST A SPECIAL
EXCEPTION YOU COULDN&apos;T WAIVE
THAT.
BUT IT IS IT&apos;S IN THE ZONING
CODE UNDER MICRO BUSINESSES
WHERE IT SAYS TEN PERCENT.
SO THAT&apos;S WHY THE SBA HAS THIS
ABILITY AND THAT WAS IN THERE
FROM THE VERY BEGINNING WHEN WE
INITIATED MICRO BUSINESSES THAT
THAT LIMITATION THE TEN PERCENT
OR REQUIREMENT OF THE TEN
PERCENT HAS BEEN IN THE
CODE SINCE THE VERY BEGINNING.
YEAH, I GUESS I JUST I&apos;M JUST
SURPRISED THAT THIS IS THE THIS
IS THE FIRST WE&apos;RE ENCOUNTERING
THIS.
&gt;&gt; I DON&apos;T BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE
ANY OTHER FULL MICRO BUSINESSES
BECAUSE AGAIN IT&apos;S A LITTLE
DIFFERENT THAN PROVISIONING
CENTER OR JUST A GROW FACILITY.
IT&apos;S ONE THAT DOES BASICALLY
EVERYTHING GO SO WE DON&apos;T HAVE
I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT WE HAVE ANY
OTHERS IN THE CITY.
&gt;&gt; SO THIS MAY BE THE ONLY ONE
YOU THINK?
I BELIEVE SO BECAUSE AGAIN THE
10 PERCENT WE&apos;RE FINDING MAY BE
A LITTLE BIT MORE CHALLENGING
BUT I KNOW OBVIOUSLY YOU GUYS
HAVEN&apos;T SEEN A VARIANCE FOR
THAT 10 PERCENT AND I DON&apos;T
BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE ANOTHER
OPERATING MICRO BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; OK, ALL RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; THANKS BUT I GUARANTEE THIS
IS THE FIRST ONE THAT HAS HAD
TO SEEK A VARIANCE.
I KNOW THAT AND I THINK YOU
CONFIRM THAT BECAUSE I PRINTED
OUT THE ORDINANCE IN THE
EARLIER VERSION IS CROSSED OUT
BUT IT&apos;S IN THERE.
THE 10 PERCENT IS IN THERE.
YEAH, IT WAS AMENDED.
THAT&apos;S DEFINITELY JULIA.
IS THE TEN PERCENT JUST
RENEWABLE OR SPECIFIC ESOLAR
I&apos;M SORRY MISSED IS THE 10
PERCENT SPECIFICALLY SOLAR OR
JUST RENEWABLE?
&gt;&gt; YES, SPECIFICALLY SOLAR.
YEAH EXACTLY.
SO THEY HAVE TO HAVE IT BY
SOLAR PANEL.
WELL SOMETHING ABOUT ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS FROM RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONER IS READY YOU
MAY BEGIN YOUR PRESENTATION.
YOU WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES NOT
MY NAME IS ERIC PARKHURST.
I&apos;M THE GROWER AND THE OWNER
WYNWOOD ORGANICS.
I&apos;VE BEEN RENTING THE BUILDING
SINCE TWO THOUSAND SIXTEEN AS A
MEDICAL MARIJUANA CAREGIVER
TAKING CARE OF MY PATIENTS
THEIR WAS MY I TALKED ABOUT WE
WENT THROUGH THE SPECIAL
EXCEPTION USE ORIGINALLY FOR
THE ORIGINAL IN TWENTY EIGHTEEN
FOR A MEDICAL MARIJUANA
PROVISIONING CENTER AND THEN WE
WENT THROUGH I WENT THROUGH THE
PROCESS AGAIN ONCE THE ADULT
USE LICENSE I DON&apos;T USE RULES
OR PASS THEY ALLOWED FOR THIS
MICRO BUSINESS MICRO BUSINESSES
ARE REQUIRED TO PRODUCE ALL
OF OUR OWN PRODUCT IN-HOUSE
PROCESS THERE WE SELL DIRECTLY
TO THE CUSTOMER WE&apos;RE NOT
ALLOWED TO WHOLESALER PRODUCT
OUT AND WE DON&apos;T BRING ANYONE
ELSE&apos;S PRODUCT IN.
&gt;&gt; LET&apos;S SEE.
&gt;&gt; SO YEAH.
SO I CHOSE THE MICRO BUSINESS
BECAUSE IT ALLOWED ME TO DO
EVERYTHING THAT I WAS ALREADY
DOING IN THE BUILDING PLUS
SERVE SERVE ANYONE TWENTY ONE
AND UP THE THE I WAS REPLACING
THE THREE LICENSE FEES THAT I
WAS REQUIRED WOULD HAVE BEEN
FOR THE GROWING AND PROCESSING
RETAIL FOR MEDICAL AND ADULT
USE WOULD HAVE BEEN A HUNDRED
AND SIXTY EIGHT THOUSAND AND I
CHOSE THIS LICENSE BECAUSE IT
GOES STRAIGHT TO THE DELUCE
MARKET TO DO ALL THOSE THREE
THINGS AND IT&apos;S EIGHT THOUSAND
DOLLARS A YEAR.
SO IT&apos;S KIND OF MADE FOR FOR
THE SMALLER GUY TRYING TO
TRANSITION FROM FROM THE
CAREGIVER MARKET INTO THE INTO
THE NEW LICENSE MARKET AND SO
SO IN THAT TIME WE WE DID
REINFORCE THE ROOF ONE TIME IN
ORDER TO PUT IN ORDER TO PUT
AIR CONDITIONERS ON THE ROOF.
AND SO THAT WAS I THINK THAT
WAS IN TWENTY SIXTEEN AND SO
OBVIOUSLY WE BROUGHT IT UP ALL
THE FLAT PORTION IS ABLE TO
JUST TO HOLD ALL THE AIR
CONDITIONERS.
WE CAN&apos;T SUPPORT ANY OTHER
WEIGHT.
&gt;&gt; THE WORKING WITH HOMELAND
SOULA WHO PROPOSED THE SOUTH
FACING AREA THAT&apos;S ALREADY
STRONG ENOUGH TO HOLD SOLAR
IT&apos;S REALLY IDEAL FOR SOLAR
BEING BEING SLOPED IN SOUTH
FACING BUT ONCE WE WERE UP AND
RUNNING TRANSITION TO ONE
HUNDRED FIFTY PLANT LICENSE WE
FOUND OUT THAT WE USED A LITTLE
BIT MORE POWER THAN WHAT WE
ORIGINALLY PLANNED FOR AND THAT
INSTALLATION WHICH IS FORTY
PANELS ON THAT SOUTH FACING
AREA OFFSETS ABOUT FOUR PERCENT
OF OUR OF OUR ENERGY AND THAT&apos;S
BECAUSE GROWS IN IN ANN ARBOR
ARE ALSO REQUIRED TO DO THIS 10
PERCENT.
THAT&apos;S THE ONLY OTHER BUSINESS
THAT I KNOW OF THAT&apos;S REQUIRED
TO DO THAT.
BUT WE&apos;RE REQUIRED TO OFFSET
NOT ONLY THE GROW BUT THE
PROCESSING AND THE RETAIL AS
PART OF THAT AS PART OF THAT
REQUIREMENT.
AND SO YEAH, I DON&apos;T OWN THE
BUILDING I&apos;M RENTING
IT.
I DON&apos;T HAVE A LONG TERM LEASE.
MY LANDLORD&apos;S NOT ABLE TO HELP
ME WITH THE COSTS.
SO SO YEAH, I&apos;M WHAT WE&apos;RE
PROPOSING IS THAT FORTY&apos;S 40
PANEL RATE THIRTY FIVE THOUSAND
DOLLARS AND AND THAT WILL
OFFSET I THINK WE&apos;LL BE THE
ONLY MARIJUANA FACILITY THAT
DOES HAVE SOLAR AFTER WE
INSTALL THAT SO THANKS FOR YOUR
CONSIDERATION AND I&apos;M HAPPY TO
ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS TO THANK
YOU TODD.
&gt;&gt; GO AHEAD, MR. PARTRIDGE.
PARKHURST PARKER.
YEAH SORRY SORRY TO SO IF IF
YOU&apos;RE OKAY FOR THE FOUR
PERCENT THIS WILL CHANGE YOUR
BUSINESS RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; UNABLE TO DO SOMETHING THAT
YOU&apos;RE NOT CURRENTLY DOING IS
THAT CORRECT?
NO THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S NOT CORRECT.
WE&apos;RE CURRENTLY WE&apos;RE CURRENTLY
FULLY OPERATING AS A MICRO
BUSINESS CURRENTLY SO I KNOW
VERY LITTLE ABOUT THIS TYPE
OF THING.
SO I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION
THAT YOU WERE SEEKING THIS
VARIANCE SO THAT YOU COULD
EXPAND YOUR BUSINESS AND DO
SOMETHING YOU&apos;RE NOT DOING.
SO AM I CORRECT TO INFER THAT
YOU&apos;RE ACTUALLY DOING
EVERYTHING AND YOU&apos;RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE DOING EVERYTHING
BECAUSE YOU DON&apos;T HAVE THE
VARIANCE?
YEAH, WELL I BELIEVE THAT WE
WERE GIVEN WE WERE GIVEN THE
APPROVAL WHILE WE WHILE WE
WHILE WE WORK OUT THE SOLAR
PANEL.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
I CAN VERIFY.
RIGHT.
SO THEY&apos;RE IN ZONING COMPLIANCE
.
SO AGAIN IT&apos;LL BE IF VARIANCE
IS NOT GRANTED AND WE WON&apos;T BE
ABLE TO CERTIFY THEIR NEXT ONE
IN COMPLIANCE.
SO THEN THEY WOULD NOT BE IN
CONFIRMATION FOR ZONING.
BUT RIGHT NOW AGAIN WHILE
THEY&apos;RE SEEKING THIS AND GOING
THROUGH THESE OPERATIONS,
THEY&apos;VE BEEN ALLOWED TO
CONTINUE OPERATING.
SO IF YOU DON&apos;T GET THE
VARIANCE, HOW MUCH MONEY HAVE
YOU SPENT THAT WOULD BE A WASTE
ESSENTIALLY THAT YOU WOULD HAVE
TO UNDO SOMETHING IN ROUND
NUMBERS.
ARE WE TALKING 50000 TO 300000?
WHAT WHAT TYPE OF INVESTMENT
WOULD YOU HAVE TO JUST IGNORE
BECAUSE YOU COULDN&apos;T DO THE
ADDITIONAL PIECE THAT THE SOLAR
PANELS WOULD GIVE AND I GUESS I
DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION.
LET ME ASK A SIMPLER QUESTION.
SO WHAT YOU PUT ON SOME YOU
YOU&apos;VE GOT A SOLAR PANEL
CONSULTANT AND YOU&apos;RE DOING
SOMETHING NOW BECAUSE YOUR
BUSINESS WAS DIFFERENT A YEAR
OR TWO AGO RIGHT.
YOU WOULDN&apos;T BE ASKING FOR THE
SOLAR PANELS UNLESS YOU WANTED
TO EXPAND YOUR BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT.
WELL, OK, WHAT HAPPENED WAS WE
WHEN WHEN WE INITIALLY APPLIED
FOR THE SPECIAL EXCEPTION
NEWS WE BASED THE ENERGY USE
OFF OF THE CURRENT USAGE OF THE
BUILDING AND AT THE TIME I WAS
A CAREGIVER AND WE WERE ALLOWED
TO GROW SEVENTY TWO PLANTS SO
SO IT WAS A SCALED BACK VERSION
OF WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING NOW.
YEAH.
SO I&apos;M BEING I&apos;M NOT ASKING YOU
A GOOD QUESTION.
I APOLOGIZE.
I&apos;M SHOWING MY IGNORANCE WHAT
IT APPEARS TO ME IS THAT YOU&apos;RE
HERE FOR VARIANCE SO YOU CAN
CONTINUE DOING THE FOLLOWING
YOU&apos;RE DOING RIGHT NOW BUT IF
YOU DIDN&apos;T HAVE THIS VERY AND
WE&apos;RE GOING TO BE IN COMPLIANCE
,YOU&apos;D HAVE TO SCALE BACK YOUR
BUSINESS AND I&apos;M LOOKING FOR
WHAT THAT DIFFERENCE IS IN
OTHER WORDS, IF WE DON&apos;T GRANT
YOU THE VARIANCE, HOW MUCH ARE
YOU SCREWED?
&gt;&gt; ACTUALLY THAT&apos;S WHAT I
REALLY WANT TO WRITE.
OKAY, SO SO A BETTER QUESTION
FOR YOU TO ANSWER.
YEAH, NO I UNDERSTAND THE
QUESTION WELL YEAH I JUST ASKED
ABOUT ONE OF THE FOUR INVOLVED
THE THE WAY WE&apos;RE OPERATING
RIGHT NOW WE WERE BASICALLY
MONTH TO MONTH WITH FINANCES.
WE&apos;VE BEEN OPEN FOR A YEAR.
WE&apos;RE THE ONLY MICRO BUSINESS
IN THE AREA.
IT&apos;S KIND OF A UNIQUE MODEL WE
ARE SO WE WOULD WE WOULD BE
BASICALLY REQUIRED TO SCALE
BACK TO FORTY PERCENT OF WHAT
WE&apos;RE OPERATING AT NOW.
&gt;&gt; SO 60 PERCENT OF YOUR
BUSINESS WOULD BE GONE IS WHAT
YOU&apos;RE SAYING, CORRECT AT
LEAST.
YEAH, WELL AT SOME POINT YOU
WEREN&apos;T DOING THIS BECAUSE
YOU&apos;VE BEEN AROUND SINCE BEFORE
TWENTY EIGHTEEN OR TWENTY
SIXTEEN SO YOU MUST HAVE BEEN
MAKING MONEY BEFORE THOUGH
RIGHT.
A LITTLE BIT BUT YOU WERE
MAKING MONEY FOR THE BASICALLY
I WAS I WAS OPERATING THE
BUILDING AS FAR AS AND TAKING
CARE OF FIVE PATIENTS SO THERE
WASN&apos;T A LOT OF MONEY BACK THEN
AND THE REASON I WAS DOING THAT
IN ORDER BECAUSE WE HAD THIS
YOU KNOW, EVENTUALLY I KNEW
THAT LICENSING WOULD COME ALONG
SO IT WASN&apos;T A IT WASN&apos;T A WISE
DECISION TO BE IN THAT GREAT
BIG BUILDING UNLESS UNLESS THE
MARKET EVOLVED AND LICENSING
WENT THROUGH AS IT DID AND THE
BUILDING AND I WAS ABLE TO TO
KIND OF TURN INTO A BUSINESS SO
SO THE ANSWER IS YOU WERE
MAKING SOME MONEY BUT NOT A
GOOD LONG TERM THING.
RIGHT?
RIGHT.
DEFINITELY ENOUGH TO KEEP
OPERATING TO KEEP THE LIGHTS ON
AND YOU KNOW, TO CONTINUE TO
BUILD OUT INTO INTO WHAT IT&apos;S
BEEN INTO WHAT IT IS NOW BUT
BUT YEAH, I WASN&apos;T IT WASN&apos;T
NECESSARILY A PROFITABLE
ENDEAVOR.
&gt;&gt; SO I ONLY HAVE TWO MORE
QUESTIONS BECAUSE I DON&apos;T WANT
TO HUG QUESTION TIME.
SO WHAT I&apos;M INFERRING FROM YOUR
ANSWER IS THAT IF YOU DON&apos;T GET
THE VARIANCE IT WILL SERIOUSLY
NEGATIVELY IMPACT YOUR
BUSINESS.
IS THAT A CORRECT STATEMENTS
ARE INCORRECT.
OKAY, AND THE LAST THING IS I
NOTED YEAH.
&gt;&gt; YOU&apos;RE A BUSINESS BUT YOU
DON&apos;T OWN THE BUILDING AND YOU
HAVE A LEASE.
&gt;&gt; WHEN DOES YOUR LEASE EXPIRE
?
UM, WELL I&apos;M I&apos;M HOPING TO HAD
TO NEGOTIATE A RENEWAL BUT YEAH
AS OF RIGHT NOW IT EXPIRES
MARCH OR APRIL OF NEXT YEAR
WHERE I&apos;M SORRY I GOT A BIG
FOLLOWING.
OKAY SO ABOUT A YEAR AND A HALF
LEFT.
ALL RIGHT.
OK, THANK YOU.
THAT&apos;S BEEN HELPFUL.
CHRISTINA, UM I UNDERSTAND THAT
YOU WENT THROUGH OPTIONS
OF POTENTIALLY TRYING TO LOCATE
ADDITIONAL SOLAR PANELS ON THE
SITE.
COULD YOU JUST TALK THROUGH
THAT AND WHAT THE NEGATIVES
WERE?
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
YEAH, TOTALLY.
SO THE THE FLAT PORTION OF THE
ROOF ON THIS ON THIS PICTURE
HERE, THE FLAT PORTION OF THE
ROOF.
&gt;&gt; UM SO TWO THINGS.
ONE IS THE AIR CONDITIONERS
WHICH BREAKS THAT UP AND SO
THEY SO WE WERE ABLE TO TO THE
SOLAR COMPANY WAS ABLE TO DROP
A PROPOSAL FOR SOME ADDITIONAL
PANELS.
THEY&apos;RE THEY&apos;RE MUCH MUCH LESS
EFFICIENT AND THEY HAD TO BE
SPACED OUT BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO
AND THEY REQUIRE EXTRA EXTRA
WEIGHT BECAUSE BECAUSE THEY
HAVE TO BE ANGLED UP.
I&apos;M NOT A SOLAR EXPERT BUT WHEN
WHEN ENGINEER REVIEWED THE ROOF
OF THOSE INSTALLATION, ONE
OF THE THOSE INSTALLATIONS THE
ROOF WASN&apos;T ABLE TO HOLD THAT
WEIGHT AND THAT&apos;S WHEN IN 2016
WHEN WE TOOK WHEN WE STARTED UP
WITH THE BUILDING WE HAD TO
REINFORCE THE ROOF JUST TO
SUPPORT THOSE AIR CONDITIONERS
.
AND SO IT WAS IT&apos;S JUST BARELY
YOU KNOW, IT&apos;S NOT SAFE BUT
IT&apos;S NOT ABLE TO HANDLE THE
ADDITIONAL WEIGHT OF THOSE THE
THE STRUCTURE AND AND THE
PANELS THEMSELVES.
&gt;&gt; I THOUGHT THERE IS AN
ADDITIONAL STUDY THOUGH
ELSEWHERE ON THE SITE LIKE AT
GRADE THAT COULD ALSO BE A
COVER FOR PARKING.
I THOUGHT I READ THAT BUT MAYBE
NOT MAYBE I HAVE A POOR MEMORY
BUT NOWHERE ELSE ON THE SITE
COULD SOLAR PANELS WORK
ESSENTIALLY, RIGHT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, I DIDN&apos;T SEE THAT.
I DON&apos;T KNOW MAYBE I MISSED
SOMETHING BUT I JUST REMEMBER
INCORRECTLY BUT OK YEAH YEAH I
DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; YEAH NO PROBLEM I I COULD
JUST ADD TO THAT I THINK WHICH
MAY HELP CLARIFY THE SO SOLAR
GROUND BASED SOLAR STRUCTURES
ARE CONSIDERED ACCESSORY
STRUCTURES SOLAR PANELS THOSE
ARE NOT PERMITTED IN THE FRONT
OPEN SPACE SO ESSENTIALLY IF
YOU LOOK AT THE SURVEY I
BROUGHT UP ON THE SCREEN HERE
WHY AND WHAT IS COMPLETELY OUT
OF THE PICTURE AND ACTUALLY I
THINK MOST OF THE FRONTAGE
ALONG PEOPLE WOULD BE OUT
OF THE PICTURE AS WELL BECAUSE
OF THE AGAIN IF IT&apos;S DETACHED
ON THE GROUND IT SAYS
RESTRUCTURES IT&apos;S PROHIBITED IN
THE FRONT.
&gt;&gt; UNDERSTOOD.
OK, THANK YOU.
AND THERE&apos;S NO REALLY HARD AS
YOU CAN SEE FROM WELL I MEAN
VERY TEENY BUT THANK YOU
ELIZABETH.
THERE&apos;S A PIECE OF THIS THAT
I&apos;M REALLY STRUGGLING TO
UNDERSTAND.
SO HOW HOW IS IT THAT YOU ARE
RENTING THIS PROPERTY AND ABLE
TO INVEST THIS MUCH MONEY IN
THE STRUCTURE?
MAYBE THIS IS A DUMB QUESTION.
I&apos;M REALLY PUZZLED BY THAT LIKE
THAT.
WHAT IS THE NEGOTIATION WITH
YOUR LANDLORD TO INSTALL ALL
THESE SOLAR PANELS AND I GUESS
I&apos;M CURIOUS LIKE YOU ARE
RENTING A LOT OF MONEY TO PUT
ALL THESE SOLAR PANELS ON.
HOW DOES THAT WORK WELL AND
RENTAL AGREEMENT?
&gt;&gt; WELL, YEAH, MY RENTAL
AGREEMENT ALL OF THE EQUIPMENT
IN THE BUILDING EVEN IF
PERMANENT INSTALLATION I WILL
RETAIN WHEN THE LEASE IS OVER.
&gt;&gt; OH OK.
SO THE IDEA IS THAT YOU&apos;RE
INSTALLING SOLAR PANELS BUT YOU
COULD JUST LIKE TAKE THEM AWAY
AND THEY&apos;RE YOURS.
&gt;&gt; THEY&apos;RE YOURS IF YOU DIDN&apos;T
RENEW YOUR LEASE LIKE THOSE
SOLAR PANELS ARE YOURS TO JUST
TAKE OFF AND THEN I SUPPOSE
THAT WOULD BE THE THE
PRESUMABLY YOU DO NOT WANT TO
DO THAT.
I MEAN I&apos;M SURE BECAUSE IN
ORDER TO IN ORDER FOR THIS FOR
THE BUILDING TO OPERATE AS A
MICRO BUSINESS IN THE FUTURE
THAT WOULD BE A REQUIREMENT.
SO I MEAN TECHNICALLY THAT
WOULD BE THE CASE.
BUT I&apos;M SURE THAT I IF I WERE
TO LEAVE THE BUILDING THAT THAT
WOULD BE PART OF THE
NEGOTIATION IS LEAVING THOSE
PANELS ASSUMING THAT THEY WANT
TO KEEP IT AS A AS A CANNABIS
FACILITY.
&gt;&gt; WELL, I GUESS ON MY NEXT
QUESTION AND MAYBE THIS IS NOT
USUALLY RELEVANT TO THIS
PARTICULAR PETITION BUT I&apos;M
CURIOUS IF YOU&apos;VE HAD
CONVERSATIONS WITH YOUR
LANDLORD IN TERMS OF THE COST
OF REINFORCING OF THE ROOF OR
YOUR YOUR VIABILITY AS A LONG
TERM TENANT.
I MEAN IS THAT THE CONVERSATION
THAT YOU&apos;VE HAD WITH YOUR
LANDLORD SPECIFICALLY?
I
WAS TOLD THAT KNOW THIS WAS
THIS WAS THIS IS MY OWN THIS IS
MY OWN BATTLE TO FIGHT US.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
AND SO SOMEWHAT I CAN SEE A
LITTLE BIT OF THE RATIONALE
THAT THIS CITY IS ASKING FOR
THIS TYPE OF BUSINESS FOR SOME
SORT OF OFFSET ON ON GROWING
BECAUSE YOU USE MORE INTENSELY
MORE INTENSE ELECTRICITY FOR
THE LIGHTS FOR A GROWING BUT
YOU KNOW, AIR CONDITIONING IS
ALSO A HUGE DRAWN ON
ELECTRICITY AND THAT&apos;S GOT
NOTHING TO DO WITH THE GROWING
HOUSE.
I&apos;M AWARE THAT DTT AND ACTUALLY
ALL THE UTILITIES IN THE AREA
ARE HAVE GOTTEN THROUGH THE
PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION.
I READ A SUBSTANTIAL REDUCTION
IN PAYMENT TO PEOPLE THAT ARE
INDIVIDUAL USERS WHO ARE
GENERATING SOLAR ELECTRICITY,
ELECTRICITY WITH SOLAR ARRAYS
AND THEN WHEN THEY&apos;RE NOT USING
IT THEY&apos;RE FEEDING IT BACK INTO
THE GRID AND THERE IS ACTUALLY
GOING TRYING TO GET EVEN MORE
ONEROUS FEES FOR ANYBODY THAT
HAS SOLAR ARRAYS.
SO IT&apos;S LIKE WE&apos;RE WE&apos;RE
FIGHTING KIND OF FIGHTING A
BATTLE WITH THE PRIVATELY
PRIVATE NEWLY OWNED UTILITY
INVESTOR OWNED UTILITIES IN THE
STATE THAT ARE REALLY PUTTING
UP DISINCENTIVES TO ECONOMIC
DISINCENTIVES TO PEOPLE TO DO
SOLAR GENERATION ELECTRICITY.
SO I&apos;M KIND OF GRAPPLING WITH
ALL OF THAT.
I THINK ANYTHING THAT&apos;S DONE IS
POSITIVE FOR THE COMMUNITY AND
I THINK IT&apos;S VERY I THINK IT&apos;S
VERY FORWARD THINKING AND VERY
GENEROUS TO SOME DEGREE THAT
YOU&apos;RE DOING JUMPING THROUGH
THESE HOOPS TO GET EVEN THIS
AMOUNT OF SOLAR ARRAYS ON ON
THIS FACILITY.
YOU KNOW, THERE ARE A NUMBER
OF OTHER THINGS THE CITY COULD
DO TO ENCOURAGE SOLAR ARRAYS
THROUGHOUT THE CITY.
YOU KNOW, IT&apos;S KIND OF STRIKES
ME AS A NEGATIVE THAT THEY
DON&apos;T ALLOW IT AND SETBACKS
EVEN WHEN IT MIGHT BE A USEFUL
USE AND THAT&apos;S YOU KNOW BUT
THAT&apos;S UP TO THE THAT&apos;S ABOVE
MY PAY GRADE.
YOU KNOW, WE DON&apos;T GET PAID
HERE AND MEANWHILE THE CITY
STAFF GETS PAID TO COME UP WITH
WAYS TO ENCOURAGE SOLAR ARRAYS
AND THEY SHOULD BE DOING MORE
OF IT.
I&apos;M GOING TO VOTE FOR THIS.
I THINK THESE ARE GOOD
BUSINESSES.
I AM AWARE THAT THERE&apos;S A 10
PERCENT EXCISE TAX ON ALL
RETAIL SALES OF CANNABIS AND
OF THAT 10 PERCENT EXCISE TAX
ACTUALLY 30 PERCENT OF THAT
GOES TO LOCAL UNITS
OF GOVERNMENT THAT COUNTY AND
THE CITY.
AND I SEE ANYTHING THAT THESE
SORTS OF BUSINESSES DO IS
ADDING TO OUR TAX OF TAX NOT
JUST THE TAX BASE OF THE YOU&apos;RE
PAYING PROPERTY TAXES ALREADY
BUT THERE&apos;S THIS EXCISE TAX
WHICH IS CONTRIBUTING
SUBSTANTIAL RELIEF TO BOTH THE
COUNTY AND TO THE CITY.
GENERAL FUNDS.
I&apos;M GOING TO SUPPORT THIS.
I THINK IT&apos;S GREAT THAT YOU&apos;RE
DOING WHAT YOU&apos;RE DOING.
I&apos;M LOOKING AT YOUR CONSTRAINTS
TO DO MORE AND I UNDERSTAND
YOUR CONSTRAINTS AND I&apos;M
WILLING TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE
VARIANCE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
I JUST HAVE ONE QUICK QUESTION
SO YOU MENTIONED THAT GROWING
FACILITIES ARE ALSO REQUIRED TO
TO PROVIDE 10 PERCENT OF THEIR
ENERGY THROUGH SOLAR BECAUSE
YOU&apos;RE A MICRO BUSINESS AND YOU
HAVE GROWING PROCESSING AND
RETAIL, DO YOU KNOW THE
PERCENTAGE OF YOUR BUSINESS
THAT&apos;S JUST THE GROWING PART.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH THAT
ENERGY IS LIKE?
ARE YOU ABLE TO MEET THAT
DEMAND ONLY THROUGH THE SOLAR
PANELS OR IS THAT NOT SOMETHING
YOU&apos;VE GOT THE BREAKDOWN WHERE
THE BUILDING GETS ONE ELECTRIC
BILL.
&gt;&gt; SURE.
AND SO YEAH, I&apos;M SURE THERE
WOULD BE WAYS TO CALCULATE YOU
KNOW WHAT TO GROW LIGHTS USE
VERSUS THE REST OF THE BUILDING
BUT I HAVEN&apos;T ON THAT SO YEAH
IT&apos;S HARD TO TELL BUT BUT YEAH
IT&apos;S OVER IT&apos;S OVER A THIRD
OF THE REQUIREMENT AND THE GIRL
WAS ONE THIRD OF THE OF THE
OPERATION.
IT&apos;S HARD TO TELL KNOW I DON&apos;T
KNOW THE EXACT SPECIFICS OF THE
REQUIRED OF THE USAGES OF THE
THREE THE THREE SECTIONS OF THE
BUSINESS THOUGH THAT&apos;S FOR
THANK YOU AND ELIZABETH, I JUST
WANT TO EXPRESS SUPPORT FOR
DAVIS POSITION HERE I AM I&apos;M
INCLINED TO SUPPORT THIS
BUSINESS.
I&apos;M IN PARTICULAR SENSE THAT
THIS IS WHAT LITTLE I KNOW
OF THE MARIJUANA INDUSTRY IN
TOWN IS THAT IT&apos;S A WHOLE IT&apos;S
REALLY DOMINATED BY CORPORATE
STRUCTURES AND THE FACT THAT
YOU&apos;RE ENDEAVORING TO HAVE A
MICRO BUSINESS THE FIRST ONE
LIKE I I WILL SAY THAT I&apos;M A
LITTLE WORRIED THAT WE MIGHT BE
ENTERING INTO THE IV CHARGERS
SITUATION BUT I DON&apos;T KNOW HOW
MANY MICRO BUSINESSES ARE
LIKELY ARE LIKELY TO START UP.
&gt;&gt; AND SO I&apos;M I&apos;M HAPPY TO
SUPPORT THIS PETITION.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER BEFORE WE GET INTO
COMMENTS 10 YEARS PICKING UP ON
THE DEVOTEES COMMENT MR.
PARKER&apos;S THE STAFF REPORT HERE
SAYS THAT AN OPTION WOULD BE
WELL, TWO OPTIONS I GUESS YOU
COULD REMOVE SOME OF THE AIR
CONDITIONING.
THE OTHER ONE WOULD BE TO
ADJUST SOME PARKING OR PROVIDE
CARPORTS WITH SOLAR PANELS AND
THOSE IF YOU LOOKED AT THOSE
ALTERNATIVES IN OTHER WORDS, IS
IT ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY TO PUT
ALL THE SOLAR PANELS ON THE
ROOF OR DO YOU HAVE SOME OTHER
OPTIONS?
I NOTICE YOU PROVIDED A VERY
GOOD SOLAR PANEL EXPERT REPORT
SO YOU MUST HAVE HAD
DISCUSSIONS ALONG THIS SO WHEN
I CONSULTED WITH WITH HOMELAND
SOLAR THEY WERE NOT EXCITED.
THEY DIDN&apos;T EVEN PROPOSE THE
FLAT SPOTS TO ME UNTIL THE CITY
UNTIL THE CITY WAS ASKING FOR
IT AND THAT WAS BECAUSE THEY
WEREN&apos;T EXCITED ABOUT THOSE
BECAUSE EVEN IF EVEN IF THE
ROOF COULD SUPPORT IT WAS AN
INEFFICIENT LAYOUT, I GUESS
BECAUSE OF THE COSTS ASSOCIATED
WITH BREAKING UP THOSE
DIFFERENT CLUSTERS AND ALL AND
ALL OF THAT AND SO SO WE DIDN&apos;T
I.
SO YEAH WHEN WHEN WHEN PRESSED
THEY THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S WHAT THEY
SAID AND THEN THEY THEY I DO
KNOW THAT THEY SAID THAT IF WE
WOULD MOVE MOVE ALL OF THE AIR
CONDITIONERS AND REINFORCE THE
ROOF WE COULD FIT WE COULD FIT
SOME ADDITIONAL PANELS ALL
OF THOSE AREAS WHERE WE&apos;D HAVE
TO REINFORCE THE ROOF OUR GROW
AREAS AND AND SO WE WOULD HAVE
TO COMPLETELY SHUT DOWN THE
GROW WHICH WOULD WHICH WOULD
SET UP BACK THOSE I&apos;M SORRY I
WAS BACK ABOUT FOUR TO FIVE
MONTHS AND SO THAT WOULD BE
ANOTHER IN ADDITION TO THE
ADDITIONAL MONEY SPENT MOVING
THE AIR CONDITIONERS AND
REINFORCED THE ROOF AND THE
ADDITIONAL PANELS WE&apos;D HAVE
LOSS OF INCOME FOR FOR SIX
MONTHS AND BECAUSE WE RELY ON
OUR GROWTH WE&apos;RE NOT WE&apos;RE NOT
ALLOWED TO BRING IN PRODUCT
FROM ANYWHERE ELSE.
THE RETAIL SIDE AND THE
PROCESSING SIDE WOULD WOULD
SHUT DOWN AS WELL.
SO SO IT WOULD IT WOULD BE
EXTREMELY DIFFICULT.
THANK YOU, SIR.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IF THERE&apos;S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION NOW&apos;S THE TIME
PLEASE.
IF YOU&apos;RE IN PERSON COME
FORWARD.
STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD
IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE USE THE
RAISED HAND FEATURE IF YOU&apos;RE
ACCESSING VIA THE WEB LINK OR
PRESS STAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR
HAND THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE
CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU COURTNEY.
I DID NOT SEE ANY LETTERS
OF SUPPORT OR OBJECTION IN THE
PACKET SO WITH THAT NOW WE ARE
IN DISCUSSION PUBLIC HEARINGS
CLOSED JULIA I I THINK IT&apos;S
REALLY GOOD THAT CITY COUNCIL
IS TRYING TO BE FORWARD LOOKING
AND CUTTING SOME OF THE
CARBON USAGE IN THE CITY IN A
GOOD WAY TO DO THAT IS WITH NEW
BUSINESS.
SO IT MAKES A LOT OF SENSE TO
START WITH HAVING NEW
BUSINESSES THE REQUIREMENT FOR
SOLAR.
&gt;&gt; DAVE, THERE&apos;S A COUPLE
OF THINGS I THINK YOU SAID THAT
ARE OFF TARGET DTV DOESN&apos;T IS
BEING REALLY BAD ABOUT BUYING
BACK ENERGY AND I THINK THAT&apos;S
JUST ONE OF MANY REASONS WHY
THE CITY SHOULD GO TO MUNICIPAL
ENERGY DUMPTY BUT THAT&apos;S NOT
WHAT WE&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT.
&gt;&gt; WE&apos;RE TRYING TO GET THIS
BUSINESS UP TO 10 PERCENT SO
IT&apos;S NOWHERE NEAR SELLING BACK
ANY TO DTD.
SO THAT&apos;S A NON-ISSUE HERE AND
THAT ADDITIONAL AIR
CONDITIONING IS PART OF A
GROWTH FACILITY LIKE HE COULD
HAVE A BUSINESS WITHOUT AIR
CONDITIONING THERE.
IT&apos;S NOT A BIG STORE WITH TONS
OF PEOPLE WALKING THROUGH.
&gt;&gt; YOU COULD HAVE A COUPLE
OF FRIENDS YOU KNOW, NOT EVERY
BUSINESS IN ANN ARBOR HAS AIR
CONDITIONING BUT THIS ONE NEEDS
IT SO THAT ENERGY USAGE IS
RELATED TO THE GROWTH FACILITY
.
I DO THINK IT&apos;S AN ODD
SITUATION.
I SUPPORT THE THE MICRO
BUSINESS AND NOT HAVING BIG
CORPORATIONS COME IN.
&gt;&gt; MAYBE THIS JUST ISN&apos;T THE
RIGHT SITE FOR THIS BUSINESS.
YOU KNOW, I
MEAN I KNOW IT&apos;S A
HUGE BURDEN TO TRY TO MOVE THE
BUSINESS BUT IF THE LANDLORD&apos;S
WILLING TO WORK ON ANYTHING YOU
KNOW, I THINK CHRISTINA WAS
ALLUDING TO IT, YOU KNOW,
HAVING LIKE A COVERED PARKING
AREA AND SO I DON&apos;T KNOW IF
THAT FALLS INTO THE WHAT MATT
WAS TALKING ABOUT ABOUT NOT
QUALIFYING.
&gt;&gt; I THINK THAT WOULD BE A
PLACE TO WHERE I WITHOUT
HESITATION WOULD VOTE FOR A
VARIANCE AND DOING AN
ADDITIONAL COVERING SO THAT
THEY COULD HAVE MORE SOLAR BUT
DO HAVE I&apos;M REALLY CONCERNED
THAT THIS BOARD IS WILLING TO
GIVE VARIANCES AND ALL THE NEW
GREEN ORDINANCES AND I THINK AT
SOME POINT WE HAVE TO SAY NO,
WE NEED TO STOP USING SO MUCH
FOSSIL FUEL.
CHRIS.
SO I AGREE WITH EVERYTHING YOU
THAT AND I WANT TO GO A LITTLE
FURTHER.
I THINK THAT SOME OF THE
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS MADE SO
FAR WE&apos;RE OUTSIDE OF THE
STANDARDS THAT WE ARE SUPPOSED
TO USE TO TO MAKE THIS
DETERMINATION WHICH SHOULD
REALLY BE OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLE
HERE.
AND SO HE&apos;S REQUIRED TO MEET
ALL OF THESE STANDARDS AND TO
ME IT SEEMS VERY CLEAR THAT HE
HAS FAILED TO MEET THESE THIS
THIS ISSUE IS SELF CREATED .
THE PROPERTY HAS NOT
CREATED THIS ISSUE.
RIGHT.
I UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS
PROBLEMS WITH THE ROOF BUT
THOSE ARE EITHER CREATED BY
PROPERTY OWNER OR PREDECESSOR.
THERE IS NOTHING UNIQUE ABOUT
THE LOT THAT PREVENTS A STABLE
ROOF FROM EXISTING THERE.
RATHER I KNOW ITSELF
CREATED BECAUSE WHEN IT WAS AN
ISSUE FOR SOMETHING THAT THE
APPLICANT WANTED AIR
CONDITIONING ON THE ROOF HE WAS
ABLE TO STABILIZE THE ROOF
ENOUGH TO GET THE AIR
CONDITIONERS OUT THERE.
SO I KNOW IT&apos;S A POSSIBILITY
CORRECT?
THAT ISSUE THAT ALONE.
SO I FIND THAT THAT THE
APPLICATION HAS FAILED TO MEET
STANDARD DE OF IN THE STAFF
REPORT AND FOR THAT ALONE I
FEEL OBLIGED TO VOTE AGAINST
IT.
I UNDERSTAND EVERYTHING YOU&apos;RE
SAYING AND I SUPPORT YOU KNOW,
I DON&apos;T WANT TO BURDEN SMALL
BUSINESSES MORE THAN WE NEED TO
BUT BUT THE THE DECISION TO PUT
THE TEN PERCENT IN WAS NOT MINE
TO MAKE.
I AM HERE TO MAKE DECISIONS
BASED ON THE STANDARDS IN FRONT
OF US THERE IN THE ORDINANCE.
I DON&apos;T THINK HE MEETS THE YOU
KNOW, I DON&apos;T THINK HE MEETS
SEVERAL OF THE OTHER ONES AND
I&apos;M NOT SURE THAT HE HAS
DEMONSTRATED THAT THIS IS THE
MINIMUM VARIANCE NECESSARY.
RIGHT.
BECAUSE EVEN A FEW MORE SOLAR
PANELS ON THE ROOF, ANY SPOT ON
THE LAND THAT THAT MIGHT MEET
THE SETBACKS THERE IS NOTHING
PROHIBITING HIM FROM PUTTING
SOLAR PANELS ON THE SIDE OF THE
BUILDING WHICH IS SOMETHING
THAT HAPPENS IN SOUTHWEST ALL
OF THE TIME.
I JUST I FEEL LIKE A YES VOTE
VENTURES OUT OF THE STANDARDS
FOR VARIANCE AND IS A GOOD WAY
TO FALL INTO A TRAP WHERE MORE
APPLICANTS COME FOR DIFFERENT
REASONS BASED ON FINANCIAL
DIFFICULTIES THAT AREN&apos;T
RELATED TO OUR STANDARDS.
SO I FEEL OBLIGED TO VOTE NO
AGAIN ON THIS ISSUE.
&gt;&gt; YES.
PICKING UP WHERE YOU STARTED
WHERE YOU LEFT OFF CHRIS I
WOULD NOTE THAT THE STRANGE
THING ABOUT THE ZIBA IS THAT
GIVING A VARIANCE MEANS WE&apos;RE
GIVING PERMISSION TO DO
SOMETHING THAT WOULD OTHERWISE
BE ILLEGAL.
SO WE ARE ALL ABOUT GRANTING
EXCEPTIONS INTO THE LAW AND THE
STANDARDS WE HAVE ARE ROUGHLY
SORT OF A LOOSE GUIDANCE.
THAT&apos;S SORT OF MY FIRST PART
OF THE COMMENT NO TO I HAVE
GREAT CONCERNS ABOUT THE
VIABILITY OF THIS BUSINESS BUT
THAT&apos;S NOT WHAT I CAN BASE MY
DECISION ON.
I WOULD NEVER THINK SO MANY
CAPITAL COSTS AND THE STRUCTURE
THAT I DON&apos;T CONTROL AND I
DON&apos;T HAVE A GUARANTEE
OF RENEWING THE LEASE.
BUT YOU KNOW, THAT&apos;S I&apos;M NOT
THE BUSINESS OWNER NUMBER
THREE, YOU KNOW, MARIJUANA LIKE
LIQUOR AND BEER AND WINE ARE
HEAVILY REGULATED AND EVEN
THOUGH I WOULDN&apos;T HAVE PICKED
THE 10 PERCENT SOLANDER, IT IS
SUBJECT TO RULES AND
REGULATIONS THAT DON&apos;T APPLY TO
THE TYPICAL BUSINESS JUST
BECAUSE THE NATURE OF WHAT IT
IS AND MARIJUANA IS STILL
ILLEGAL AS FAR AS THE FEDS ARE
CONCERNED.
WE&apos;RE IN A TRANSITION PERIOD
AND THERE ARE MANY LAWS THAT
ARE OUT THERE THAT ARE
UNENFORCED BUT THEY&apos;RE SUBJECT
TO A BUNCH OF THINGS THAT A
NORMAL BUSINESS WOULDN&apos;T HAVE
TO FOLLOW AND THAT&apos;S JUST
BECAUSE OF THE NATURE OF THE
BUSINESS AND I&apos;M SURE MR
HARKER&apos;S KNOWS THAT.
SO I AM SOMEWHAT ON THE FENCE
WITH THIS ONE.
I DON&apos;T LIKE DOING SOMETHING
THAT WOULD SERIOUSLY ENDANGER A
BUSINESS THAT&apos;S GOING AND
PEOPLE WHO DO THIS TYPE OF WORK
IT&apos;S REALLY ALMOST MISSION FOR
THEM.
I UNDERSTAND THAT IN MANY CASES
BUT I THINK CHRIS IS CORRECT
THAT IT&apos;S NOT MEETING SOME
OF THE LITERAL PARTS OF THE
CRITERIA.
IT IS SELF CREATED AND IT
REALLY IS TRYING TO GET A
FINANCIAL RETURN ON THE
BUSINESS TO MAKE IT GO IN THE
LONG TERM AND I DON&apos;T KNOW IF
IT&apos;S REALLY OUR PURVIEW TO
GUARANTEE THEM THAT TYPE
OF GOOD FINANCIAL RETURN,
PARTICULARLY IF A LEASE IS
GOING TO END IN A YEAR OR TWO.
BUT I&apos;M TROUBLED BY THAT
BECAUSE IT REALLY IS ALL ABOUT
MONEY.
SO YOU KNOW, I DON&apos;T HAVE A
PROBLEM WITH THE MARIJUANA
BUSINESS BUT GIVEN THE
CONSTRAINTS WE&apos;RE UNDER, IT&apos;S
IT&apos;S SOMEWHAT UNUSUAL.
SO I&apos;M REALLY ON THE FENCE
ABOUT THIS AND I&apos;M HOPING MAYBE
A COUPLE OF MY THE MEMBERS WILL
HELP PUSH ME ON ONE SIDE, THE
OTHER ON THE FENCE.
SO I WELCOME SOME MORE COMMENTS
AND SOME GUIDANCE ON THIS
.
&gt;&gt; ANY OTHER DISCUSSION?
I JUST COMMENT JUST THINKING
OUT LOUD.
I MEAN SHOULD COULD WE ASK THE
APPLICANT T PROVIDE MORE STUDY
FOR OPTIONS TO PICK UP ON WHAT
CHRIS HAD MENTIONED IN TERMS
OF SOLAR PANELS ON THE SOUTH
SIDE OR ON THE VERTICALLY?
I THINK THAT&apos;S WHAT YOU HAD
IMPLIED OR JUST THINKING A
LITTLE BIT OUTSIDE OF THE BOX
FOR APPLICATION.
I UNDERSTAND THE APPLICANT WAS
SAYING THAT IT SEEMED LIKE THE
SOLAR PANEL COMPANY WAS SAYING
IF IT&apos;S NOT CANCELA ATED IT
SORT OF LOSES ITS POWER I GUESS
IN A SENSE.
BUT BUT I&apos;M NOT AN EXPERT AND I
DON&apos;T KNOW IF ANY OF US ARE
HERE BUT IT WOULD BE GOOD MAYBE
JUST TO EXPLORE MAYBE ANY
OF THOSE OPTIONS AND MAYBE THAT
WOULD PUT YOU KNOW, MAYBE THAT
WOULD HELP MOVE THINGS ALONG TO
AND JUST THE THOUGHT DAVE.
WELL, I&apos;M STILL GOING TO VOTE
FOR THIS.
I UNDERSTAND WHERE CHRIS IS
COMING FROM WITH THE R
WORKSHEET WITH VARIOUS
DETERMINATION WORKSHEET AND
MEETING CERTAIN CRITERIA.
BUT JUST LIKE WITH THE EEVEE
VEHICLE REQUIREMENTS, THIS
WORKSHEET DOESN&apos;T APPLY IN THIS
SORT OF A CASE WHERE WHERE THIS
IS ONE.
IT&apos;S A VERY UNUSUAL REQUIREMENT
.
ONLY CERTAIN TYPES
OF BUSINESSES, VERY FEW TYPES
OF BUSINESSES AND WHAT WE NEED
IS THE PLANNING STAFF.
MATT, TO COME UP WITH A
DIFFERENT SET OF CRITERIA TO
EVALUATE BOTH THE E V VEHICLE
REQUIREMENT AND SOMETHING LIKE
THIS SOLAR PANEL REQUIREMENTS
ON BUSINESSES THAT THERE&apos;S
ZONING CODE REQUIRES AND I
ENVISION IN THE FUTURE THIS IS
GOING TO GROW THAT WE&apos;RE
PROBABLY GOING TO HAVE
INCREASING REQUIREMENTS
OF SOLAR PANELS OF DIFFERENT
TYPES OF BUSINESSES BEYOND THE
ONE OR TWO TYPES AT OUR
CURRENT.
SO IT&apos;S REALLY I&apos;M PUTTING THIS
ON THE STAFF TO GIVE US THE
TOOLS TO BETTER EVALUATE THESE
THINGS BECAUSE WHAT YOU&apos;VE
GIVEN US IS INADEQUATE JUST AS
IT IS WITH THE EV VEHICLE
ZONING.
SO I&apos;M I&apos;M STILL GOING TO VOTE
FOR THIS FOR THE REASONS I
PREVIOUSLY STATED.
AND IF I COULD JUST INTERJECT
BECAUSE I THINK THAT IS A VERY
VALID POINT AND IF YOU&apos;LL
NOTICE THAT OBVIOUSLY THE
ORIGINAL VARIANCE STANDARDS
WHILE THEY THOSE ARE WHAT&apos;S IN
FRONT OF YOU WHAT WE HAVE BUT
OBVIOUSLY THOSE WERE WRITTEN
FOR AREA HIGH AND PLACEMENT
VARIANCES.
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY SUBJECT TO A
VARIANCE BECAUSE IT IS WITHIN
THE ZONING ALSO THIS IS WITHIN
YOUR PURVIEW.
BUT AS DAVIS ILLUSTRATED, IT&apos;S
THE STANDARDS THE SAME WITH THE
EV PARKING AND THAT&apos;S WHY FOR
PARKING VARIANCES IF YOU
REMEMBER THERE&apos;S CERTAIN
CHAPTER SECTIONS THAT YOU GUYS
HAVE ABILITY OVER THAT HAVE
SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT STANDARDS.
THE PARKING IS ONE OF THEM THAT
THERE IS A SPECIFIC STANDARD
WRITTEN FOR PARKING VARIANCES
THAT SAID THEY DIDN&apos;T HAVE TO
MEET ALL THOSE THEY MET THE
STANDARDS HAS TO BE THE IT&apos;S
SIMILAR TO A NON CONFORMING.
YOU HAVE TO MEET IT TO THE
LETTER OF THE CODE .
THERE IS ALSO FOR LIKE
STORMWATER VARIANCES WHICH I
DON&apos;T THINK YOU HAVEN&apos;T SEEN
FOR A LONG TIME.
THERE&apos;S A SPECIAL STANDARD FOR
GRANTING A VARIANCE FROM THAT.
SO IT IS ABSOLUTELY CORRECT
THAT I THINK WE AND I HAVE
IDENTIFIED THIS THIS WAS ONE
OF THE ISSUES AND LOOKING THE
STAFF REPORT I&apos;VE IDENTIFIED
THAT WITH THE WORKING FORWARD
IS THAT WE WE NEED TO MODIFY
STANDARDS TO ADAPT TO DIFFERENT
KIND OF OF THINGS THAT WE&apos;RE
ASKING WITHIN
THE ZONING
CODE AND AND MAYBE THOSE
STANDARDS END UP BEING THE SAME
AND I DON&apos;T KNOW BUT BUT YOU&apos;RE
ABSOLUTELY CORRECT IS THAT
THESE STANDARDS WERE BASED FOR
AREA HEIGHT PLACEMENT.
HOWEVER THERE THE STANDARDS WE
DO HAVE AND THOSE ARE WHAT&apos;S ON
THE BOOKS AND AGAIN AS I SAID,
THIS IS IN THE ZONING CODE SO
IT&apos;S ABSOLUTELY SUBJECT TO
THOSE STANDARDS.
BUT THEY THEY HAVE NOT KEPT UP
WITH THE TIMES AND I APPRECIATE
THAT COMMENT, DAVE, BECAUSE
THAT&apos;S ABSOLUTELY SOMETHING
THAT WE WE NEED TO BRING UP OUR
WITHIN THE STANDARDS TO KEEP
TRACK OF THE NEW ZONING OR THE
NEW ITEMS WITHIN ZONING THAT WE
HAVE THAT MAY PEOPLE MAY HAVE
TO REQUEST VARIANCES FROM
EVENTUALLY.
SO THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S A VALID POINT
.
JULIA.
NORMALLY WE DO A VARIANCE AND
IT&apos;S TIED TO THE BUILDING
FOREVER.
SO BECAUSE THIS IS VERY
SPECIFIC TO THIS USE IF FOR
WHATEVER REASON MR PARKER SHUTS
THE BUSINESS THIS SUMMER, THE
VARIANCE STILL EXISTS FOR THE
BUILDING BUT SOMEBODY WOULD
STILL HAVE TO APPLY AND HOW
WOULD THAT YEAH, I MEAN THAT&apos;S
TRUE.
THE VARIANCE WOULD CORRECT IT
WOULD BE ON A PROPERTY BUT NOT
UNLESS ANOTHER MICRO BUSINESS
MOVED INTO THERE WHICH AGAIN IS
IS UNLIKELY.
THE CITY HAS CAPS ON GROWTH
WELL ALTHOUGH NOT IN MICRO
BUSINESSES SO BUT BUT THE
SPECIAL EXCEPTION YOU SAY THEY
WOULD HAVE TO GO TO THE
PLANNING COMMISSION TO GET A
SPECIAL EXCEPTION USED TO MOVE
BACK IN THERE.
SO I SUPPOSE IT&apos;S LIKELY THAT
COULD HAPPEN WHICH WOULD BE
EASIER BECAUSE THERE&apos;S A
VARIANCE ON THE BUILDING BUT
THEY STILL HAVE TO GO THROUGH
THE PLANNING COMMISSION FOR A
SPECIAL EXCEPTION.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, PROJECT PROJECT
PROCESS CORRECT.
ONE I&apos;D LIKE TO ADDRESS JULIA
YOUR POINT THERE WHEN WE GIVE A
SETBACK VARIANCE WE GRANT A
VARIANCE THAT PEOPLE CAN BUILD
WITHIN THAT WHATEVER THEY BUILD
IN THE FUTURE CAN WE&apos;VE GIVEN
THEM THAT VARIANCE TO DO THAT.
IN THIS CASE WE&apos;RE GIVING A
VARIANCE ON THE AMOUNT OF SOLAR
PANELS THERE WILL IF WE GRANT
THE VARIANCE IN THESE SOLAR
PANELS ARE PUT UP THERE.
IT DOESN&apos;T MATTER WHAT BUSINESS
GOES IN THERE IN THE FUTURE TEN
YEARS FROM NOW IT COULD BE A
VERY MODEST RETAIL BUSINESS
OF LIKE SELLING BEANIE BABIES
OR SOMETHING AND THE SOLAR
PANELS WOULD STILL BE THERE
GENERATING ELECTRICITY FOR INTO
THE USE OF THE BUILDING.
SO I SEE THIS THIS IS A
DIFFERENT VARIANT TYPE
OF VARIANCE IN SETTING A CHANGE
IN A SETBACK.
&gt;&gt; NO, MR PARKHURST WILL OWN
THE SOLAR SOLAR PANELS NOT THE
LANDLORD.
&gt;&gt; SO THEY MIGHT NOT BE THERE.
THEY MIGHT NOT BUT I WELL YOU
JUST SAID THEY WOULD BE WE
DON&apos;T I THINK IT&apos;S UNLIKELY
WHATEVER HE THINKS YOU KNOW
PEOPLE DON&apos;T GO PUTTING SOLAR
PANELS UP AND MOVING AND THEN
TAKING THEM DOWN AND MOVING ON
THIS VERY EXPENSIVE OPERATION.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, BUT IT&apos;S EXPENSIVE TO
LEAVE THEM OFF THE LINE.
&gt;&gt; I THINK THE HOPE IS THAT
HE&apos;LL STAY THERE FOR ENOUGH
TIME TO AMORTIZE THE INVESTMENT
AND I I THINK IT&apos;S A BENEFIT TO
THE COMMUNITY TO HAVE THESE
SOLAR PANELS.
&gt;&gt; OH
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION WE
READY FOR MOTION PERHAPS I CAN
MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE.
&gt;&gt; BASED ON IN ACCORDANCE WITH
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
VARIANCE FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT SIXTEEN POINT THREE POINT
G POINT SEVEN USE SPECIFIC
STANDARDS OF SIX PERCENT FROM
THE REQUIREMENT THAT TEN
PERCENT OF A GROWTH FACILITY&apos;S
ENERGY USE MUST COME FROM SOLAR
PANELS ON THE SITE PETITIONER
CAN ONLY PROVIDE FOUR PERCENT
OF TOTAL ENERGY USE VIA SOLAR
PANELS ON THE SITE.
&gt;&gt; OH I DIDN&apos;T ZEBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH TWO ZERO ONE EIGHT TWENTY
THREE NINETY FOUR WYNWOOD THE
MOTION TO SUPPORT THANK YOU
DAVE DEVOTEE YES TODD GREAT.
&gt;&gt; WE ALWAYS PICK ON ME EARLY.
&gt;&gt; YES ELIZABETH YES CHRIS NO
JULIA NO CHRISTINA YES I ALSO
VOTE YES MIKE YES THE REQUEST
IS GRANTED.
MOVING ON TO PETITION&apos;S QUBA
TWENTY TWO DASH TWO ZERO TWO
ZERO THREE HUNDRED MONTGOMERY
AVENUE MATH.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU SO MUCH DEAR.
OK, SO HERE WE GO.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS OWNED
BY OUR A IS OUTLINED BY YELLOW
ON THE MAP HERE YOU CAN SEE ON
THE CORNER OF ABBOT AND
MONTGOMERY AGAIN AN AERIAL KIND
OF ZOOMED OUT.
ZOOM IN AND A LITTLE BIT MORE
LEFT CORNER BOTTOM LEFT CORNER
OF THAT SO YOU CAN SEE THE
SUBJECT GARAGE HERE IS WELL
THIS IS ANGLED ACTUALLY FROM A
DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE BUT AGAIN
THE GARAGE KIND OF AT THE TOP
LEFT OF THAT YOU CAN SEE FROM
THE SURVEY THE GARAGE IS JUST
IT&apos;S TWO POINT NINE FEET FROM
THE REAR PROPERTY LINE AND TWO
POINT EIGHT FEET FROM THE SIDE
PROPERTY LINE.
ZOOM DOWN A LITTLE BIT MORE.
SO AGAIN, THE PETITIONER IS
HERE TONIGHT TO REQUEST
PERMISSION TO ALTER THIS
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE OF THE
GARAGE.
THEY WOULD LIKE TO PUT ON AN
ADDITION THAT WOULD EXPAND THAT
GARAGE.
THE EXPANSION SORRY I KEEP
GOING BACK AND FORTH WOULD GO
TOWARDS THE HOUSE DIRECTION.
SO ON THIS PERSPECTIVE YOU&apos;RE
LOOKING AT AND I WOULD BE KIND
OF GOING DOWN YOU CAN SEE HERE
IS AN OUTLINE OF THE PROPOSED
FLOOR PLAN THIS AREA.
SO THE GARAGE OBVIOUSLY
ACCESSED FROM THIS BOTTOM AREA
HERE.
THIS ADDITIONAL STAIRWAY AREA
IS THE EXPANSION AREA THAT
AGAIN A PERSPECTIVE THE
EXISTING GARAGE IS OUTLINED
HERE.
IT DOES CONFORM TO THE HEIGHT.
SO THEY ARE A KIND OF A SECOND
STORY ON THEIR LITTLE LOFT AREA
STAIRWAY HERE AGAIN THIS
EXPANSION GOES TOWARDS THEIR
BACKYARD IN SPACE SO TOP LEFT
LOOKING DIRECTLY OBVIOUSLY AT
THIS OBJECT STRUCTURE, THE THE
DOORWAY TO THE LEFT THAT
ADDITIONAL AREA FROM HERE IS
KIND OF THE NEWER AREA.
THE ADDITIONAL ABOUT FOUR FEET
OR SO I&apos;D SAY SOME PICTURES
OF A SUBJECT SITE.
SO AGAIN THIS EXPANSION WOULD
BE TO THE LEFT.
SO HERE IS THE LOOKING AT THE
REAR OF THE GARAGE KIND OF THIS
IS THEIR SIDE PROPERTY LINE.
SO THIS AREA HERE OF THE
EXPANSION WOULD KIND
OF CONTINUE THIS ONE I THINK IS
TWO POINT EIGHT FEET ON THIS
THIS SIDE.
SO IT WOULD CONTINUE OUT IN
THIS DIRECTION AGAIN GOING
TOWARDS THE HOUSE.
SO THE ADDITION IS NOT
INCREASING THE NONCONFORMING
THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY FROM
MONTGOMERY SO YOU CAN SEE THIS
IS THEIR SUBJECT GARAGE IN THE
REAR.
SO AGAIN NOT GOING IT WOULD NOT
ENCROACH ANY CLOSER TO THE LEFT
THAT PROPERTY LINE BUT IT WOULD
BE COMING TOWARDS THE SUBJECT
BUILDING.
AND AGAIN, I&apos;LL GO BACK TO THE
PROBABLY THIS SURVEY MAY BE THE
BEST SITE AND AND AGAIN SO
WHAT&apos;S BEFORE YOU CAN I ASK
PERMISSION TO ALTER THIS
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE THE
GARAGE CONCLUDES PRESENTATION.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS, ELIZABETH
LOOKING AT THIS DIAGRAM AND
JUST THIS DIAGRAM, I THINK I
NEED YOU TO HELP WALK ME
THROUGH THIS, SIR.
YOU SAID THAT THE GARAGE IS
MOVING IS EXPANDING CLOSER TO
THE HOUSE.
YES, IT WOULD BE COMING DOWN
THIS RIGHT.
IT&apos;S IT SO THEY&apos;RE GOING TO BE
COMING DOWN TO THIS DIRECTION
RIGHT HERE.
OK, SO IT&apos;S NOT SO THESE ARE
THE OBVIOUSLY THE REAR PROPERTY
LINE HERE.
THE SIDE ON THIS AND THEN THE
DRIVEWAY.
SO IT&apos;D BE EXPANDING TO THIS
DIRECTION.
IT MAY HELP ALSO I APOLOGIZE.
I KNOW IT&apos;S MY PERSPECTIVES ARE
SKEWED.
SO AGAIN, WHEN YOU LOOK AT
THIS, THE GARAGE IS NOW SO
THAT&apos;S LIKE THIS AREA.
SO YOU SEE HOW THE GARAGE DOORS
ARE OBVIOUSLY OPENING.
SO THIS WOULD BE A DRIVEWAY OUT
TO THE ACROSS STREET.
SO THIS IS THE ADDITIONAL AREA
.
SO THAT&apos;S LIKE SO AGAIN THE
DRIVEWAY GOING OUT AND REMEMBER
OK, DOORS TO THE LEFT.
SO I GUESS I COULD HAVE DONE
THAT ON HERE.
IT&apos;S TO THE LEFT AS YOU LOOK TO
THE GARAGE DOORS.
SO THEY GO IN HERE AND TO THE
LEFT IS THIS ADDITIONAL FOUR
FOOT OR SO AREA AGAIN.
SO YEAH, GARAGE DOORS SO IT&apos;S
TO THE LEFT.
SO THE FOOTPRINT BASICALLY IS
ONLY EXPANDING IN THIS
DIRECTION RIGHT HERE THEY&apos;RE
EXPANDING OUT TO THIS SO IT&apos;S
NOT ENCROACHING ANY CLOSER TO
THE SIDE OR THE OR SORRY THIS
IS THE REAR THE REAR PROPERTY
LINE OR THE SIDE.
IT&apos;S JUST CONTINUALLY THE
BUILDING LINE STRAIGHT DOWN
THAT WAY ABOUT FOUR FEET.
&gt;&gt; BUT BUT ISN&apos;T IT IF IT&apos;S
EXTENDING IN THAT DIRECTION
ISN&apos;T IT IS CONTINUING THE
ENCROACHMENT ON THE SIDE ISN&apos;T
IT?
&gt;&gt; OH SORRY.
YES YES IT IS.
IT&apos;S CONTINUING ENCROACHMENTS
NOT MAKING IT WORSE.
I SAID IT&apos;S NOT IT IS
CONTINUING ENCROACHMENT BUT
IT&apos;S NOT IF IT WAS ENCROACHING
MORE THAT WOULD REQUIRE A
VARIANCE BUT BECAUSE IT&apos;S
CONTINUING THAT BUILDING LINE
SO THIS HERE WILL STILL
CONTINUE TO BE TWO POINT EIGHT
FEET FROM THE SIDE PROPERTY
LINE FOR AN ADDITIONAL FOUR
FEET OR SO.
SO IT IS CONTINUING THE
ENCROACHMENT BUT IT&apos;S NOT
MAKING WORSE.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR CHRIS
?
NO.
OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONER IS READY YOU
MAY BEGIN YOUR PRESENTATION.
YOU WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES AS
THIS PETITIONER MAY BE REMOTE
PERHAPS I AM SORRY I MET UP
THERE HE IS NEAR ME MAYBE CAN
YOU GET YOUR
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
WE CAN SEE
YOU THAT WE CANNOT
HEAR YOU.
&gt;&gt; YEAH RIGHT.
YOU GET THE ABOUT NOW YOU HEAR
ME NOW AND CAN YOU HEAR IT.
WHAT KIND OF SOUNDS LIKE WE&apos;RE
WORKING ON THE SOUND IN THE
CHAMBERS HERE.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S NOT YOU IT&apos;S US GOT IT.
OK YOU CAN HEAR YOU OK THERE
YOU ARE.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT I THINK WE&apos;VE GOT
GREAT THANK YOU SUTTON.
THANK YOU.
THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD MY
NAME IS BRIAN BEEKMAN, MY WIFE
AND I HAVE BEEN IN REMODELING
COMPANY FOR WAY TOO LONG.
BASICALLY WE WANT TO CREATE
SOME USABLE SPACE ABOVE THE
GARAGE FOR A WORKOUT ROOM IF A
TAPE BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS AND
IT&apos;S YOUR OLD SIDE.
BUT MY WIFE DOESN&apos;T WANT TO DIE
UPSTAIRS AND WE&apos;RE JUST TRYING
TO DO BOTH STAIRS AND KEEPING
IT HISTORICALLY ACCURATE WITH
THE NEIGHBORHOOD LIKE
INCREDIBLE HOUSE, A LOT
OF CORNER LOCKS IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
I ACTUALLY HAVE THREE CAR
DIRECTIONS.
SO YOU FEEL LIKE KIND OF FITS
WITHIN THE NEIGHBORHOOD WE ARE
MODIFYING THE DOOR WITH MODERN
CARS ARE THERE BUT IT&apos;S THAT
WE&apos;RE TRYING TO DO IS CREATE
MORE SPACE UPSTAIRS FOR WORK
OUT ROOM STORAGE AND THE
FOOTPRINT IS ONLY TO PUT IN A
CERTAIN CONSERVATION.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
ALL RIGHT.
NO QUESTIONS.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE IS ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, PLEASE COME
FORWARD NOW IF YOU ARE IN
PERSON IF YOU ARE ACCESSING A
MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR HAND IF
YOU ARE CALLING IN FROM THE
PHONE OR IF YOU&apos;RE ACCESSING
VIA THE WEB, PLEASE USE THE
RAISED HAND FUNCTION.
I WILL THAT WE DID RECEIVE ONE
LETTER OF SUPPORT FROM MICHAEL
KERCHNER AT TWO TEN S RAVINA
BOULEVARD YES.
LETTER OF SUPPORT.
THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO BE ANY
CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU COURTNEY WEST THAT
THE PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
AND WE ARE IN DISCUSSION CHRIS
.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT IT IS
VERY FUNNY TO ME TO SEE AN
APPLICATION FOR AN ALTERATION
THAT ENCROACHES ON MATTER
INCHES AND I JUST WANT TO GIVE
THE SURVEY THE SEAL WAS CUT OFF
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW IF THE SERVER
WAS BUT HONESTLY FROM THAT
SERVER WAS IMPECCABLE BECAUSE
OFTEN YOU SEE SERVICE BROKEN
DOWN TO TWO INCHES LIKE THAT.
IF YOU LOOK AT LIKE THE GARAGE
SURVEY FROM EARLIER, IT&apos;S
DEFINITELY A FEAT.
SO YEAH, I SUPPORT IT.
I THINK ESSENTIALLY MEETS THE
SPECS ANYWAY SO YEAH.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION MOTION I
CAN MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE ZIBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO TWO ZERO THREE
HUNDRED MONTGOMERY AVENUE
ALTERATION TO A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF
FROM SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY
TWO POINT TWO ALTERATION TO A
NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO ADD
A SECOND STOREY TO THE EXISTING
GARAGE.
THE GARAGE ENCROACHES THREE
INCHES INTO THE SIDE YARD SET
BACK AND TWO INCHES INTO THE
REAR YARD SET BACK.
THE CONSTRUCTION MUST COMPLY
WITH THE SUBMITTED PLANS IN
MOTION TO HAVE SUPPORT SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRIS CHRISTINA.
YES, I ALSO YES MIKE.
&gt;&gt; YES.
DAVE DEVOTEE YES.
YES ELISABETH YES.
CHRIS YES JULIA.
YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING
ON TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO TWO TWO NINE
TWELVE MARY STREET THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; OK THANK.
OK HERE WE GO SUBJECT PROPERTY
ZONED OUT FOR SO YOU CAN SEE ON
THE MAP HERE OUTLINED BY THE
YELLOW PRETTY FAR ZOOM OUT HERE
AERIAL PHOTO GINZO A IT&apos;S A
REALLY FUNKY BLACKSHIRTS SHAPE
BUT YOU CAN SEE THE ZOOMED IN
AERIAL AGAIN OUTLINED YELLOW
THERE SURVEY THE SUBJECT SITE
AND IT&apos;S INITIALLY TWO HOUSES
OBVIOUSLY COMBINED AT ONE POINT
IN TIME MANY YEARS BACK.
SO THE PETITIONERS HERE BEFORE
YOU TONIGHT AGAIN REQUESTING
PERMISSION TO ALTER A
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE.
SO THE EXISTING STRUCTURES YOU
CAN SEE FROM THE SURVEY SINCE
ABOUT THREE FEET FROM BOTH
OF THE SIDE PROPERTY LINES.
SO AGAIN THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S CLEARLY
NONCONFORMING.
IT DOES CONFORM FOR THE FRONT
SET BACK THANKS TO THE
AVERAGING I GUESS IN THIS IN
THIS CASE IT DOES CONFORM.
IT&apos;S PRETTY MUCH IN LINE WITH
SOME OF THE ADJACENT ONES THERE
WITH AND LARGE WITH THE
ENCLOSED FRONT PORCH.
BUT AGAIN THE CROSS SO WHAT YOU
SEE ON THIS SURVEY HERE ARE THE
AREAS THAT ARE IN THE DARK GRAY
ARE THE AREAS THAT ARE SUPPOSED
TO BE THE ADDITIONS.
SO THEY&apos;RE KIND OF LIKE
SQUARING OFF MUCH OF THAT
BUILDING.
SO GOING THROUGH WE DID TAKE
SOME SO EXISTING AND PROPOSED
IT&apos;S VERY DIFFICULT BECAUSE
AGAIN AS YOU CAN SEE FROM THE
INITIAL HERE, THERE&apos;S NOT A LOT
THAT&apos;S REALLY CHANGING IN THE
BUILDING.
OUTLINES ARE KIND OF FILLING IN
LITTLE PIECES HERE.
I MEAN THERE ARE SOME
DIFFERENCES AS YOU CAN SEE ON
BETWEEN THIS THESE TOP IMAGES
HERE ON THE LEFT THIS THIS
CONTINUES I AGAIN IT&apos;S HARD TO
SEE FROM THIS PERSPECTIVE BUT
THIS IS KIND OF FLATTENED OUT A
LITTLE BIT IN THIS AREA HERE TO
ALLOW MORE FOR AN EGRESS AREA
IN THERE ON THE BOTTOM IMAGE IN
THE BACK.
THIS AREA IS KIND FILLED IN
HERE AGAIN, IT&apos;S A LITTLE BIT
MORE DIFFICULT TO TELL FROM
THAT BUT THIS GIVES YOU SOME
PERSPECTIVE THAT AGAIN HOW THE
MASSING HAS NOT SIGNIFICANTLY
CHANGED.
THESE ARE LOOKING FROM THE FROM
THE FRONT.
SO AGAIN LOOKING DIRECTLY AT
THE BUILDING ON THE TOP.
&gt;&gt; YES.
AND THEN AGAIN TO THE TO THE
RIGHT IMAGE OF THE PROPOSED NOT
MUCH DIFFERENCE FROM THE FRONT
AT ALL IN THE REAR AGAIN THE
EXISTING YOU CAN SEE THERE&apos;S A
LITTLE BIT OF A CHANGE WITHIN
THIS CORNER HERE AND A LITTLE
BIT WITHIN THIS AREA HERE FOR
THE PROPOSED THIS GIVES YOU
SOME FLOOR PLANS AGAIN TO SEE
THROUGH FOR PLAN IMAGES THE
AREAS THAT ARE PROPOSED TO BE
ADDED THAT CROSSHATCHING AREAS
IN THE TOP LEFT CORNER AS WELL
AS THIS AREA HERE AND A LITTLE
BIT OF A CORNER THERE AGAINST
THE SECOND AREA SORRY.
THIS IS THE FIRST YES, THE
FIRST LEVEL HERE AGAIN YOU SEE
THE CROSSHATCH AREAS THESE
WOULD BE CONSISTENTLY FILLED UP
THROUGH THE THE BOTH ALL THE
FLOORS OF THE BUILDING AGAIN
AND HERE WOULD BE THE SECOND
LEVEL PLAN YOU CAN SEE AGAIN
THE CROSS PATCHED AREAS ARE THE
AREAS THAT ARE NEW TO BE
ENCLOSED PICTURES OF THE
SUBJECT SITE OBVIOUSLY LOOKING
DOWN DIRECTLY ON MAIN STREET,
LOOKING AT THE FRONT OF IT
SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT ANGLE,
LOOKING AT THE FRONT OF IT.
THIS IS IN THE REAR AREA.
SO THIS WOULD BE SOME OF THE
AREA THAT WOULD BE FILLED IN
THIS LITTLE AREA RIGHT HERE
AGAIN CONTINUING THIS BUILDING
LINE THERE AND LOOKING DIRECTLY
AT THE REAR.
THIS WOULD BE AN AREA THAT
WOULD BE FILLED IN HERE IN THE
TOP LEFT AND THIS LITTLE AREA
RIGHT RIGHT IN HERE AND THAT
ARE ALL THE PICTURES.
SO AGAIN, BECAUSE IT&apos;S NOT IT&apos;S
NOT INCREASING ANY ANY
ENCROACHMENT BUT IT IS
CONTINUING THE ENCROACHMENT BUT
IT&apos;S NOT INCREASING THE
ENCROACHMENT AT THIS TIME.
IT&apos;S JUST A PERMISSION TO ALTER
AND NOT A VARIANCE THERE ARE
DOING OBVIOUSLY THE BUILDINGS
IN THE PROCESS OF BEING
SEVERELY REMODELED.
&gt;&gt; THEY ARE TAKING IT FROM FIVE
UNITS TO FOUR UNITS SO IT&apos;S
BECOMING SLIGHTLY MORE
CONFORMING FOR A LOT AREA PER
UNIT.
BUT AGAIN THAT DOESN&apos;T THAT&apos;S
NOT PART OF YOUR CONSIDERATION
NECESSARILY TONIGHT AS FAR AS
THEY DON&apos;T NEED PERMISSION FOR
THAT BUT IT&apos;S JUST WORTH
MENTIONING AS WELL.
SO AGAIN, THIS IS ALL PART OF A
REALLY LARGE REMODEL OF THE
EXISTING FACILITY.
&gt;&gt; SO THAT DOES CONCLUDE THE
PRESENTATION AT THIS TIME.
THANK THANK YOU MAN.
ANY QUESTIONS DO YOU HAVE THE
AERIAL THAT I COULD LOOK?
YEAH.
ONCE AGAIN YES SIR.
NOT THE BOAT THE NEIGHBORHOOD
NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH THAT ONE.
OK, I&apos;M TRYING TO POSITION
WHERE THIS IS EXACTLY THEY HAVE
I DON&apos;T SEE A REAL SPORTS.
&gt;&gt; YEAH SO EXACTLY.
SO YOU CAN SEE THE TREND ISN&apos;T
THERE THERE&apos;S A DORM SOMEWHERE
AROUND HERE TOO LIKE YOU&apos;RE ALL
THAT&apos;S NOT YEAH BUT THAT&apos;S WHAT
FLETCHER IS THAT LIKE THIS
WHITEISH ROOF THAT&apos;S KIND
OF WELL RIGHT RIGHT NEAR TO IT
OTHER SPORTS BUILDINGS HERE BUT
AND THAT&apos;S HOOVER AND NOW
BELLFIELD YEP.
&gt;&gt; ELBEL FIELD TO THE LEFT
CATCHER OK THANK YOU.
IT&apos;S THE HEART OF WARD FOR WELL
MATT COULD YOU GO.
YES OK GO AHEAD.
YOU KNOW COULD YOU GO BACK TO
THE PROPOSED ELEVATION?
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SORRY I COULDN&apos;T HEAR
CAN YOU GO BACK TO THE PROPOSED
ELEVATION PLEASE WHICH SO OH
THE FRONT THE FRONT ELEVATION.
OK SO THEY&apos;RE CONSOLIDATING
THERE&apos;S A COUPLE ENTRIES I SEE
FOUR DOORS IN THE UPPER LEFT
HAND THIS ONE ELEVATION.
CORRECT.
AND SO THE NEW ELEVATION JUST
HAS ONE ENTRANCE WITHOUT
LOOKING AT THAT SIDE BY SIDE
OF THE PLAN.
I WAS JUST CURIOUS AS TO HOW
WHAT THEIR SOLUTION IS THERE
FOR ENTRY.
IF YOU COULD GO BACK TO THE
PLAN FOR WHICH THE FLOOR PLANS
.
SURE.
OH YEAH OK OK SO THERE IS ONLY
ONE
AND THEN THIS SO HERE IS
THE FRONT OK ALL RIGHT THANK
YOU AND ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
MATT.
ALL RIGHT IF THE PETITIONER IS
READY YOU MAY BEGIN YOUR
PRESENTATION.
&gt;&gt; YOU WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES
ON
OK YOU ARE PROMOTED SO YOU
CAN SPEAK NOW IF YOU ARE
YOURSELF AND KIND SIR THANK YOU
EVERYONE FOR GIVING ME AN
OPPORTUNITY TO GIVE A QUICK
PRESENTATION ON OUR WHAT WAS
OPERATION TWO NINE AND NINE
FOURTEEN MARY THE PROPERTY I
THINK AS WE JUST DISCUSSED IT
JUST CAME UP IN THE DISCUSSION.
IT&apos;S REALLY IN THE IN THE
PRIVATE STUDENT RENTAL AREA
NEAR THAT FLAT.
IT FEELS PROBABLY THE CLOSEST
KIND OF ACADEMIC COMPLEXES THE
LAW SCHOOL AND PUBLIC POLICY
SCHOOLS I WOULD IMAGINE AND
PROPERTY CURRENTLY IS FIVE
UNITS AND IT&apos;S CERTIFIED FOR I
THINK TWENTY ONE OCCUPANTS AND
WHAT WE&apos;RE PROPOSING TO DO IS
REDUCE TO FOUR THAT WOULD BE
ORGANIZED THREE SIX BEDROOM
UNITS AND ONE FIVE BEDROOM UNIT
FOR A TOTAL OF TWENTY THREE
STUDENTS.
THAT WOULD BE AN INCREASE FROM
THE CURRENT TWENTY ONE TO
TWENTY.
THAT WOULD BE AN INCREASE
OF ABOUT TWO STUDENTS.
&gt;&gt; WE ARE PROPOSING TO MAKE
SIGNIFICANT UPGRADES TO THE
POWER ALL THE ELECTRICAL THIS
BUILDING AND I DON&apos;T KNOW THE
EXACT NATURE OF IT BUT I
WOULDN&apos;T BE SURPRISED CLOSE TO
80 YEARS OLD OR SOMETHING LIKE
THAT BUT IT&apos;S IT&apos;S IT&apos;S IT&apos;S
NOT IN GREAT SHAPE FRANKLY.
&gt;&gt; SO ALL WE&apos;RE GOING TO PUT A
ELECTRICAL NEW ATTRACT NEW
PLUMBING NEW BASICALLY ALL
OF THE MECHANICAL COMPONENTS
THE BUILDING WILL BE REDONE.
IN ADDITION TO THAT WE WILL
HAVE MODERN MODERN FIXTURES,
MODERN KITCHENS, MODERN
BATHROOMS.
I THINK ONE OF THE MORE UNIQUE
FEATURES ABOUT I SHOULD SAY ONE
OF THE NICE FEATURES ABOUT THIS
IS EACH BEDROOM IS GOING TO
HAVE ITS OWN ATTACHED BATHROOM
WHICH IS BECOMING MORE AND MORE
DESIRABLE THINK REQUESTED BY
STUDENTS ABOUT BEING KIND
OF HUMANITIES OR KIND OF THE
NICE TO HAVE FEATURES.
WE&apos;RE ALSO PLANNING SOME
SIGNIFICANT IMPORTANT CHANGES
WITH REGARDS OF LIFE SAFETY
WE&apos;RE GOING TO PUT IN IN
ADDITION TO HAVING ALL OF THE
YOU KNOW, MEETING THE MODERN
BUILDING CODES FOR FIRE FIRE
SAFETY.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO HAVE SPRINKLER
SYSTEMS AS WELL WHICH WE&apos;RE
HOPING IS GOING TO GO BEYOND
WHAT MIKE ORDINARIATE NECESSARY
.
IN ADDITION TO THAT WE WILL
HAVE SOME WORK.
WE&apos;RE TARGETING PROBABLY THREE,
MAYBE FOUR, MAYBE CHARGING
STATIONS FOR THE PROPERTY AND
YOU KNOW, I THINK IT&apos;S IT&apos;S
PRIMARILY A STUDENT EVENT
DISTRICT AS FAR AS I&apos;M AWARE,
ALL OF THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES ARE ALL STUDENT
RENTALS.
THIS WILL BE THE GOAL WILL BE
TO RENT THIS TO STUDENTS AND
WITH REGARDS TO THE QUESTION
ABOUT THE ENTRANCES, I JUST
WANTED TO ADDRESS THAT REALLY
QUICKLY.
THERE&apos;S ONLY ONE ENTRANCE
THAT&apos;S MORE OR LESS LIKE THE
HOUSE THAT&apos;S GOING TO GO TO ONE
OF THE ONE OF THE UNITS ON THE
FIRST FLOOR.
SECOND UNIT ON THE FLOOR IS
GOING TO COME IN FROM THE REAR
AND THEN THERE IS A UNIT ON THE
LOWER LEVEL WHICH WILL HAVE AN
ENTRANCE THAT&apos;S GOING TO GO
DOWN THE STAIRS WHERE IT&apos;S A
CENTRAL PATIO AND THEN INTO THE
DOOR AND THEN THE LAST SESSION
IS GOING TO BE THE WHAT WE&apos;RE
PLANNING TO HAVE IS PROBABLY A
VERY LARGE DECK.
WE&apos;RE PROBABLY THERE&apos;S A
ROOFLINE KIDS ARE GOING TO
CLIMB UP THE STAIRS AND
ESSENTIALLY WITH THAT SHADED
AREA OR NOT THAT OF THE SHADED
AREA WHERE YOU SEE THAT
STAIRCASE, THEY&apos;RE GOING TO
ENTER THE TOP UNIT THROUGHOUT
THAT.
SO FROM THE FRONT I THINK IT&apos;S
GOING TO LOOK LIKE A VERY LARGE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME.
ONE OF NICE FEATURES ABOUT THIS
IS EVERYONE&apos;S GOING TO HAVE
THEIR OWN OUTDOOR SPACE SO THAT
TOP FLOOR IS GOING TO HAVE THE
UPPER DECK THE FRONT ENTRY IS
GOING TO HAVE A NICE PATIO AREA
AND SIMILARLY EVEN THE GARDEN W
AND WILL TO GET IN BASICALLY.
YOU KNOW, I THINK A QUICK
SUMMARY OF I THINK IS GOING TO
LOOK WE HAVE NEW SIDING AND
IT&apos;S GOING TO HAVE IT&apos;S GOING
TO LOOK NEW BUT IN TERMS OF THE
MASTER, THE BUILDING IS GOING
TO LOOK ROUGHLY THE SAME.
WE&apos;RE PLANNING ON EXPANDING AND
ADDING THAT FRONT PATIO ACROSS
THE TOP OR FORWARD TO THE
HOUSES WE CAN BUT THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S
BASICALLY THE PROPOSAL IS TO
MODERNIZE MAKE IT SAFER, HAVE
IT BE MORE USABLE IN THE
CURRENT YOU CHARGING STATIONS
INSIDE THE SPRINKLERS, HOW TO
BE SAFER AND UP TO DATE IN
TERMS OF THE CURRENT
REQUIREMENTS AND STANDARDS THAT
THAT PEOPLE I THINK ARE
DEMANDING AND FRANKLY DESERT.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
QUESTIONS FOR THE PETITIONER
ELIZABETH, I I THINK I HEARD
YOU SAY THAT THERE&apos;S GOING TO
BE A BATHROOM ATTACHED TO EVERY
BEDROOM.
&gt;&gt; HOW MANY BATHROOMS ARE GOING
TO BE IN THIS BUILDING?
TWENTY THREE BLOCKS.
TWENTY BATHROOMS AND I THINK
THERE&apos;S A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO
THAT AFFECTED.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; ANY OTHER BATHROOMS RIGHT
THERE?
PROBABLY ABOUT 35 SQUARE FOOT
OR SO ON AVERAGE.
OH I&apos;M SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT I&apos;M GETTING SO
MANY I THINK THEY MAYBE A FEW
BEDROOMS THAT I THINK IT&apos;S THAT
I THINK WE MANAGED TO HAVE
BATHROOMS IN EACH AND EVERY
BEDROOM SO THAT YOU CAN SEE FOR
EXAMPLE, THIS FLOOR PLAN WHAT I
THINK ALL OF THE BEDROOMS HAVE
BATHROOMS REGARDLESS OF THEIR
OCCASIONS WHERE WE HAD SHARED
BATHROOMS WHICH I GOT MYSELF
CONFUSED BUT I THINK WE MANAGED
TO SQUEEZE A BATHROOM IN EVERY
COUNTRY.
&gt;&gt; DAVE SO I&apos;M I&apos;M LOOKING AT
THE FLOOR PLANS AND IT LOOKS
LIKE UNIT ONE IS A SIX BEDROOM
UNIT TWO IS A FIVE BEDROOM UNIT
THREE IS SIX BEDROOMS.
AND I&apos;M NOT SEEING ON MY PLANS
THAT I HAVE A UNIT FOR THAT IN
THE BASEMENT.
&gt;&gt; BUT I THINK MATT HAS A
POLICY HERE IT IS AND I IT NOW
OK, THANK ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
FOR THE PETITIONER
?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
IF THERE IS ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, PLEASE COME
FORWARD NOW IF YOU ARE IN
PERSON IF YOU ARE ACCESSING
REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE
IF YOU&apos;RE CALLING IN OR USE THE
RAISED HAND FEATURE IF YOU&apos;RE
ACCESSING VIA THE WEB LINK I
WILL NOTE WE DID RECEIVE ONE
LETTER OF SUPPORT FROM CHRIS
VESSELS AT NINE TWENTY EIGHT S
DATE ST. THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO
BE ANY CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE&apos;RE IN DISCUSSION.
&gt;&gt; MIKE.
SO I LIVED ACTUALLY DIRECTLY
NEXT DOOR TO THIS PROPERTY FOR
TWO YEARS IN LAW SCHOOL I 916
MARRIED AT THE TIME WHEN WE
MOVED THERE.
THIS IS I&apos;M NOT GOING TO DATE
MYSELF BUT IT WAS MORE THAN ONE
YEAR AGO THAT HOUSE HAD JUST
BEEN MASSIVELY RENOVATED ON THE
INSIDE AND IT WAS A BIG
INCENTIVE FOR US TO TO LIVE
THERE NOW WHEN THE SIGNIFICANT
ADDITION OF LOTS OF HIGH RISES
AROUND CAMPUS THIS TO ME IS AN
EXAMPLE OF THE LANDLORDS WHO
OWN THE PROPERTIES THAT AREN&apos;T
THOSE HIGH RISES HAVING TO
COMPETE AND UPDATE THEIR
PROPERTIES AND MAKE THEM NICER.
I THINK THAT&apos;S A GOOD THING.
&gt;&gt; THIS NEIGHBOR IS A GREAT
STUDENT NEIGHBORHOOD, RIGHT?
IT&apos;S SORT OF ON THE EDGE OF THE
ATHLETIC CAMPUS BETWEEN CENTRAL
CAMPUS.
IT IS ADDING A COUPLE
OF BEDROOMS IS NOT A CONCERN TO
ME IN THE SENSE OF WHEN WE
LIVED HERE OUT OF THE EIGHT
OF US LIVED IN THE HOUSE, ONLY
TWO OF US HAD A CAR SO MANY
STUDENTS LIVE AS THEY WOULD
WITHOUT OWNING A VEHICLE
BECAUSE THEY CAN WALK FIVE
MINUTES AND BE ON CAMPUS, WALK
EVERYWHERE.
SO I&apos;M NOT WORRIED ABOUT THE
ADDITIONAL ONE OR TWO UNITS.
I THINK THIS IS A GREAT
INVESTMENT AND GIVEN OUR
NONCONFORMING STANDARD HERE,
THIS IS THAT STANDARD VERSUS
THE VARIANCE I&apos;M GOING TO BE
SUPPORTING THIS ANY FURTHER
DISCUSSION READY FOR MOTION AND
OH YEAH.
&gt;&gt; ELIZABETH SORRY I I THINK
I&apos;M GOING TO BE CONTRARY HERE.
&gt;&gt; I MEAN I I&apos;M LOOKING AT THIS
AND I I WOULD FEEL BETTER ABOUT
THIS IF IF THERE WERE MORE
BEDROOMS BEING ADDED WHAT I AM
WHAT I&apos;M SEEING AND I DON&apos;T I
CERTAINLY DON&apos;T HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH ADDING ADDING PEOPLE I
HEAR WHAT MIKE SAYING LIKE I
THIS IS EXACTLY WHERE MORE
PEOPLE SHOULD BE LIVING BUT
WHAT I&apos;M WHAT I&apos;M LOOKING AT IS
IT IT SEEMS TO ME THIS IS THIS
IS LITERALLY JUST CREATING MORE
RENTAL UNITS THAT CAN BE THAT
MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE BECAUSE
EVERYBODY HAS A BATHROOM IT I I
I FEEL LIKE THIS IS THE I HEAR
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING IN TERMS
OF COMPETITION IN THE MARKET
WITH HIGH RISES BUT IN THE
CONVERSATIONS THAT I HAVE HAD
WITH FOLKS MY UNDERSTANDING IS
THAT THE HIGH RISES ARE A PRICE
POINT THAT IS DIFFERENT THAN
WHAT IS ACTUALLY NEEDED.
&gt;&gt; I
I GUESS I JUST I&apos;M I DON&apos;T
I DON&apos;T FEEL VERY GOOD ABOUT
THIS AGAIN I I THINK I WOULD
FEEL DIFFERENTLY ABOUT IT IF IF
THEY WERE FIGURING OUT HOW TO
CROWBAR OUR BEDROOMS IN TO
HOUSE MORE PEOPLE AS OPPOSED TO
CREATING SOMETHING TO COMPETE
IS SOMETHING TO BE COMPARABLE
TO THE HIGH RISES.
I DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW IF ANYBODY
ELSE IS SEEING IT THIS WAY BUT
THAT&apos;S THE WAY IT LOOKS TO ME.
DAVE.
WELL, I UNDERSTAND MY
COLLEAGUE&apos;S INTEREST IN WANTING
TO HAVE MORE BEDROOMS, MORE
AFFORDABLE PRICES.
BUT YOU KNOW, THIS ISN&apos;T
AFFORDABLE HOUSING AND I&apos;VE
BEEN A STRONG SUPPORTER OF THE
CITY STEPPING FORWARD AND USING
SOME OF ITS PROPERTIES AND
DEVELOPING USING THE PROPOSAL C
MONEY THE VOTERS GENEROUSLY
VOTED RECENTLY TO BUILD HOUSING
THAT&apos;S COMMITTED AS AFFORDABLE
HOUSING FOR PEOPLE AT THIRTY
PERCENT OF AREA MEDIAN INCOME
OR LESS.
THAT&apos;S WHAT THIS IS.
THIS IS A PRIVATE HOUSING
PROVIDER UPGRADING THEIR
PROPERTY AND PROBABLY ADDING
MORE BEDROOMS.
HEY, MORE POWER TO THEM IF THEY
ADD BATHROOMS WITH IT IN THE
MARKET.
UNFORTUNATELY THE MARKET IS
DRIVING HOUSING PRICES HIGHER
CONSTANTLY.
RENTAL HOUSING PRICES AND
THAT&apos;S WHY WE NEED THE PUBLIC
SECTOR TO STEP FORWARD AND DO
WHAT IT CAN TO DEVELOP
AFFORDABLE HOUSING FOR PEOPLE
AT VERY LOW INCOME POINTS.
I&apos;LL VOTE FOR THIS.
IT&apos;S IF THERE&apos;S ANYWHERE IN
THIS CITY THAT THIS SORT
OF HOUSING SHOULD GO AS HIGH
DENSITY HOUSING RESPECTING THE
ARCHITECTURAL INTEGRITY OF THE
WOOD FRAME BUILDINGS THAT ARE
ALREADY THERE THIS IS THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THIS IS AN EASY ONE FOR ME.
THE SINGULAR QUESTION WE HAVE
TO ANSWER IS IS THIS GOING TO
HAVE A DETRIMENTAL EFFECT ON
THE NEIGHBORHOOD?
TO THE CONTRARY, WE&apos;RE TAKING A
BUILDING THAT THE APPLICANT
SAID IS ABOUT 80 YEARS OLD, HAS
SERIOUS PROBLEMS.
HE DIDN&apos;T USE THE WORD GUTTED
BUT REPLACE ALL THE SYSTEMS,
THE MECHANICAL ELECTRICAL
YOU&apos;RE GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND A
FIRE CODE BY ADDING SPRINKLERS
AND FIRE ALARMS.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S NOT GOING TO HAVE A
DETRIMENTAL EFFECT.
IT&apos;S ACTUALLY GOING TO IMPROVE
THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I THINK ISSUES ABOUT THE NUMBER
ABOUT WHAT THE MARKET PRICE
OUGHT TO BE A REALLY SERIOUSLY
BESIDE THE POINT AND
IRRELEVANT.
SO I&apos;LL BE VOTING FOR THIS.
IT&apos;S AN EASY ONE FOR ME BECAUSE
I KEEP MINE SHORT AS A BOY WHO
ALSO WENT TO COLLEGE, I DON&apos;T
KNOW HOW TO SHARE BATHROOM WITH
ME.
I WANT TO SHARE WITH THEM.
I WANT DEFINITELY BEEN
INTERESTED IN THIS SO I SUPPORT
PIGGYBACK ON THAT OF MAKING
SORT OF A COMMENT MAYBE WHAT
THESE NEED ARE OR DOUBLE
BEDROOMS SHARED WITH ONE
BATHROOM BUT MAKE EVERYTHING
COED.
THERE MIGHT BE A MARKET FOR
THAT BECAUSE JULIA I AM GOING
TO SUPPORT IT BECAUSE I DON&apos;T
FEEL IT HAS A DETRIMENT
DETRIMENTAL EFFECT AND THAT IT
IS AN IMPROVEMENT AND THAT&apos;S
GOOD THINGS DO NEED THE HOUSING
STOCK IS GETTING RUN DOWN.
I FEEL MENERBA IN THE RENTAL
AREA BUT I DO WANT TO SUPPORT
ELIZABETH AND THAT THERE IS
KIND OF A LONG TERM
SUSTAINABILITY THAT I&apos;M NOT
SURE MOVING TO ALL THESE
BATHROOMS IS REALLY A WAY TO
MOVE THE CITY FORWARD.
&gt;&gt; YOU KNOW, RIGHT NOW WE&apos;RE
LOOKING AT MORE OUR
CARBON OUTPUT BUT WATER IS
GOING TO BE AN ISSUE VERY SOON
AND IT ALREADY IS AND PRETTY
MUCH THE REST OF THE WORLD.
&gt;&gt; SO I DO WANT TO JUST SAY I I
AGREE WITH SOME OF ELIZABETH
JUST COMFORT ANY ADDITIONAL
DISCUSSION OR EMOTION AND I
COULD DO EMOTION AGAIN.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU DAVE.
THE REASON I DO THIS IS BECAUSE
THE STAFF IS SO GREAT AT
PUTTING THESE IN FRONT OF ME SO
I COULD JUST READ THEM OFF.
SO I JUST WANT TO EXPLAIN FOR
THE VIEWERS OUT THERE WHY IT&apos;S
ME MAKING THESE MOTIONS OF YOU
.
YOU KNOW THEY&apos;RE GOING TO BE
WATCHING THIS FOR THE NEXT TWO
WEEKS ON REPLAY ZEBA TWENTY TWO
DASH TWO ZERO TWO TWO NINE ONE
TWO MARY ALTERATION A
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THREE TO
POINT TO ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO ALLOW
FOR ADDITIONS TO THE EXISTING
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE.
THE BUILDING IS CURRENTLY A
CERTIFIED FIVE UNIT RENTAL
WHICH WILL BE REDUCED TO FOUR
UNITS AND IS NONCONFORMING FOR
LOTERIA AND SIDE SETBACKS THAT
CONSTRUCTION MUST COMPLY WITH
THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU DAVE.
WE HAVE A MOTION TO HAVE
SUPPORT FROM.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU CHRISTINE.
UM CHRIS.
YES JULIA.
YES.
CHRISTINE CHRISTINA.
SORRY I VOTE YES.
&gt;&gt; YES MIKE YES DAVE.
&gt;&gt; DAVE ALREADY YES.
TODD YES.
&gt;&gt; ELIZABETH YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING
ON.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS WE HAVE
NONE NEW BUSINESS I WILL NOTE
AND EVERYONE MAY OR MAY NOT
KNOW THIS ALREADY CHRIS REILLY
HAS RESIGNED FROM HIS POSITION
ON THE CBA SO HE WAS OUR VICE
CHAIRPERSON.
SO WITH THAT SAID, WE WILL NEED
TO ELECT A NEW VICE CHAIRPERSON
.
I&apos;M GOING TO GIVE EVERYBODY I
GUESS A MONTH TO TO THINK ABOUT
IT.
EVERYONE WANTS TO BE VICE
CHAIR.
THAT WOULD BE FABULOUS.
AND THEN WE&apos;LL PUT IT ON THE
AGENDA FOR NEXT MONTH AND ELECT
A NEW VICE CHAIR AT OUR
OCTOBER MEETING.
SO I GUESS I&apos;M THROWING IT OUT
THERE FOR EVERYONE TO THINK
ABOUT IF YOU&apos;RE INTERESTED IN
BEING VICE CHAIR, IF YOU&apos;RE
WILLING TO BE VICE CHAIR,
YOU&apos;VE GOT FOUR WEEKS TO TO
KIND OF PONDER THAT AND THEN
WE&apos;LL WE&apos;LL TAKE ACTION ON IT
NEXT MONTH.
SO THANK YOU COMMUNICATIONS.
I BELIEVE WE HAVE ADDRESSED ALL
OF THOSE AS PART OF THE
APPEALS.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SORRY I COULD SORRY TO
INTERRUPT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS.
YES.
I JUST WANTED TO ADD THAT
ALTHOUGH YOU GUYS ARE A GREAT
BOARD TO WORK WITH, MR. BARRETT
WILL BE BACK.
SO YOU GUYS JUST SCARED ME AWAY
.
SO HE WILL BE BACK HE&apos;S BACK IN
HIS OLD POSITION.
SO NEXT MONTH YOU&apos;LL BE BACK
WITH MR. BARRETT AGAIN.
HOPEFULLY I OCCASIONALLY GET
THE GUEST STAR HERE.
SO THANK WELL FOR HELPING US.
HI, IT&apos;S A PLEASURE.
YOU GUYS HAVE A GREAT MATT.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO LEAVE LET YOU GO
WITH THE TASK TO GET US SOME
STANDARDS FOR REVEALING IT
ACTUALLY I WAS THINKING ALSO
SIGNE&apos;S IS ANOTHER ONE THAT THE
STANDARDS THAT WE HAVE.
YEAH, YEAH.
I MEAN THOSE ARE SO THAT&apos;S
GREAT FEEDBACK.
WE WILL DEFINITELY START
WORKING ON REVISING THOSE
STANDARDS SO ABSOLUTELY.
AND THEN THOSE WILL BE THINGS
THAT AS I MENTIONED PREVIOUSLY
AS WELL ALONG WITH THE
AVERAGING CODE THAT I KNOW
COMES UP OCCASIONALLY AND AS
MENTIONED SO THAT WILL BE
SOMETHING THAT BUT AS PER THE
REQUEST OF HIS THAT WE CAN WORK
ON REVISING IN THE FUTURE AS
WELL.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC COMMENTARY
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC COMMENTARY
IF THERE IS ANYONE OUT THERE
.
WHO WISHES TO ADDRESS THE ZIBA
IF THERE IS ANYONE OUT THERE
ON ANY MATTER, NOW&apos;S THE TIME.
WHO WISHES TO ADDRESS THE ZIBA
PLEASE CALL IN ONCE YOU&apos;VE
ON ANY MATTER, NOW&apos;S THE TIME.
CALLED IN PRESS STAR NINE TO
PLEASE CALL IN ONCE YOU&apos;VE
RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU&apos;RE
CALLED IN PRESS STAR NINE TO
ACCESSING VIA THE WEB LINK,
RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU&apos;RE
PLEASE USE THE RAISED HAND
ACCESSING VIA THE WEB LINK,
FEATURE THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO
PLEASE USE THE RAISED HAND
BE ANY CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
FEATURE THERE DON&apos;T APPEAR TO
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
BE ANY CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; WITH THAT WE&apos;RE AT
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
ADJOURNMENT TO HAVE A MOTION TO
&gt;&gt; WITH THAT WE&apos;RE AT
ADJOURN SO MOVED SHE YOU
ADJOURNMENT TO HAVE A MOTION TO
SUPPORT NOBODY WANTS TO THANK
ADJOURN SO MOVED SHE YOU
YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
SUPPORT NOBODY WANTS TO THANK
I OPPOSED.
YOU ALL IN FAVOR.
WE ARE ADJOURNED.
I OPPOSED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
WE ARE ADJOURNED.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU